===== icdar2017_train_en_46_444 =====
R ' is truly in a deplorable situation, and every one of humane di position must really pity him, and not him only, but his periwigged and phrenotogized children. No one can wonder, poor fellow I at his hostility to the science. It is certainly quite natural but still it is a sad pity he should have exposed his folly by publishing the flimsy and futile evidence oil which that hostility rests for, Sir, nliat docs his communication prove ' Why, first, thatT. R. is no Solomon, else he would never have married so hair-brained a wench, fur you may depend upon it, Phrenology only completed what had long been begun, and what, to a sagacious mind, must have been evident enough and, secondly, it furnishes a singular instance of the correctness of Phrenological observation. T. It 's wife was quite correct,'' when site found, by tire bumps on her husband's lie-id, that he had no love for tier for nothing but a total want of affection could have allowed him to hold up to public ridicule, the f itly of one holding so tender a relationship as tlmt of wife, and one whose very fault , by reason of that relationship, ought to be held sacred. What, Mr. Eititor, has Phrenology to do witli the madness of one of its advocates, unless it can lie shown that that madness is its h-gdimate result! Jmlice might as well he charged with falsehood, because a maniac takes upon him to w ield a sword calls by lier sacred name, and with it to tiny the innocent. I recommend T. R. to play no more upon the organs, for he produces nothing but discords there. But, after alt, I really hope your correspondent is debtor to his I iWgination for his facts. 0! that he would credit it with some of tlie e'rcnlatiny medium of the understanding. If lie be married, 1 shall be exceedingly glad to receive an invitation to dine with him. I have no doubt I should presently add to tlie number of my friends, tlie I -ill , if not Phreuol ajieal couple-Mr. and Mrs. T. R. But, Mr Editor, my principal object in addressing ttiis letter to you, was neither to sympathise with your correspondent, nor to expl icate an invitation irom hint lint to adduce some sound, phreno. logical facts-facts belonging to a species of evidence which has not hitherto, so Dir as I know, been much illustrated. I am a poor pedagogue. Sir, and a warm-hearted advocate for Phrenology. You are aware that one of the advantages of tlie science is said to be, the facility it affords to tlie right mining or children, according to their most prominent developments. 1 shall briefly illustrate tlie truth of this, by stating the advantages that have actually accrued from my adoption of Phrenological principles, and following thtir intimations with respect to the children under my care. It is said, the actions of children sufficiently denote what is their ruling faculty or predomi nant disposition but I deny that this is tlie case, except la instances ol very uncommon precocity. Tlie practice in all schools lias been to adopt, from first to last, thesameroutineof tuition in allcases, without attempting totllacover tin particular bias of I he mind, and irrespec tively of any diversity, even if it forced itself into view and parents tinve seldom consulted any tiring but their own whim, predilection, ambition, or caprice, in their children's lubin urut pursuits. Thus the energies of numberless minds have been wasted on tilings unbefitting and inappropriate while, if due attention had been paid to tlie par-titular character of ttieir developments, their munis migtit have risen tohigh eminence in someone particular department, undetected, is that department, no one can ealeulate w hat important and bene-li.-isl results. On the principles of Phrenoh gv. I have practised this mode or tuition, and 1 feel it a duty thus publicly to record the suc cesses, of which 1 gladly yield to Phrenology all tlie praise. Immediately on my becoming a conscientious disciple of Drs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_46_454 =====
Mr. Harwood, surgeon, of Driffield, was called in, who, on exa mination, found tlie fractures and laceration soextensive, that lie deemed immediate amputation necessary. Tlie patient is now doing well. Bentley, of Cleck-heaton, charged with being concerned, along witli J. Selioles, J. Bentley, J. Brooke, S. Smith, and others yet unknown, in tlie wilful murder of U. Wortnersley, on the night of tiie 30th Nov. Matthew Appleyard, of Denby, for breaking into the warehouse of Joshua Moxon, at Denby aforesaid, and stealing therefrom a quantity of goods, his property. Joseph Hud son, charged with robbing the simp of Mrs. Wood, pawnbroker, of seven watches and otlier articles. Tlie prisoner was ap prehended shortly after the robbery, with four of the watches concealed in his hat. the periodical meeting of the festival committee, held on Wednesday, Mr. Price, of Ciementhorpe, and Mr. John Woodall, jun. of Scarbro', were added to tlie committee. Mr. Davies was appointed tlie treasurer. Mr. Camidge, Dr. Camidge, Mr. White, and Mr. P. Knapton, were appointed assistant conductors. Doctor Camidge was engaged as tlie organist. Various resolutions were passed relative to the engagement of vocal and instru mental performers. The orchestra in the Festival Concert Room is to be re-constructed the present one being extremely inconvenient, and indeed dangerous , and the room itself will he better ventilated. Arrangements are making to get up a series of concerts, at York, under tbe management of Dr. Camidge.

===== icdar2017_train_en_48_72 =====
All his customary channels of amusement and information are foil of promise if they are foil of nothiug else, though, to say truth, most of them do their little best to set as good a face as possible on the first num ber of a new volume, and poetry, polities, and pleasantry are all burnished up for the festive season. The Tory ma gazines are particularly strong in their politics this month, and Blackwood and Frater come forth with their respec tive lucubrations, which harmonise about as well as the Tuesday's leader in the TYsies does with that which was printed on the preceding Monday, and which is probably forgotten by all the world, Bave, perhaps, by some rival editor, who enlivens the public by exposing the proverbial consistency of Printing-house-square. Blackwoodt leading article for January is modestly eu titled, Great Britain at the Commencement of the Year 1843. It is a dissertation, which, by the aid of a multitude of facte, for which the writer stands indebted to bis imagi nation, and by a convenient oblivion of others that might have been troublesome to a more retentive memory, makes out a tolerable prima facie case for his clients. Thus, the desperate policy which led our heaven-born mi nieter to impose the prop8rty-tax upon the peo' pie is boldly ascribed to the empty condition in which he found the public coffers. Not a syllable is aid in allusion to the plan by which the late government proposed to replenish those coffers, by opening the Brazils and tbe Baltic to British commerce. These are things it is convenient to target. On the other hand, it thought fair to assume that the Tory advent has alone sufficed, not only to inspire all foreign nations with asalu. tary dread, but also to conjure fulness into the Treasury purse. Yet the lost revenue returns presented no such consoliog news, and a few days must yet elapse before w cau know what the January tables may bave to tell us. As to the future viewsof Sir Robert respecting the sliding' scale, Blackwood is evidently in an uncomfortable state o l suspense. That some further alteration, he says, may not ere long be made on the scale of duties, no one can assert, though we have no reason to believe that any such is at present contemplated but that the principle of the • sliding-scale,' as it Is called, will be firmly adhered to, we eutortain no doubt whatever. The principle of the sibling scale! Where is its prin ciple ? You may alter the scale of duties till you take away the last vestige of the farmers' fancied protection. By mul • tiplying rests you may approximate nearer and nearer to a fixed duty, and yet your minister will remain a man as firm in principle, as distinguished for consistency, as before he traversed the floor of the house, or was pushed by the deluded farmers of England into a mischievous power, tbe effects of which they have since felt in common with the rest of the Queen's subjects. The late law appointments, too, must be defended. This is a ticklish matter aud Blackwood, conscious cf what awkward ground he has got upon, runs away at once to Dike shelter in the old worn out cant, that men making their thousands at tbe bar are not to be tempted into office by such paltry salaries as £1,500 a year! From which it is intended, we should Infer, that all those lawyers who surpass Lord Lyndhurst's proteges are making rapid for tunes by their profession ! Passing on to foreign politics, it is but just to say that Blackwood has manliness enough to scorn tbe base lies and drivelling nonsense which have been put forward with a view to make the simple part of the public believe that our quarrel with China was entered on in order to force the opium trade upon the Celestial Empire. This atrocious calumny, invented originally for factious purposes, has been eagerly taken up by a hostile press abroad, and by a vast number of dunces at horns, but is calculated to impose ouly on those whose intelligence or information is at an amazingly low ebb. The thing is worn out, however, and Blackwood, by throwing the stale commodity overboard, e how6 that he addresses himself to the better poitioa of his party. But here are his words -Were we justified in our attack upon the Emperor of Cbipa? We have no hesitation whatever in expressing our opinion, after having had our attention for some years directed to the subject of our relation with China, in the affirmative.

===== icdar2017_train_en_48_84 =====
de Marcellange and her mother were at Lyons, and that domiciliary visits bad been paid to several houses, in the hope of discovering them, and inducing them to ap pear. AU attempts to find them, however, had been fruitless. It was added that M.

===== icdar2017_train_en_25_623 =====
Sold by Oxford street, and at the Man,, factory, 201 Strand, in half-pint, pint, and quart bottles, at Is. and 4s. and may be had through all Chemists, Silversmiths, and iron mongers in the Kingdom. Wholesale Co. and Edwards and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_25_624 =====
and UNIQUE COLLECTION of TROPICAL FRUITS, modelled by Mon-. Grimaud during bis long France, is just deposited at the ROYAL lOLYIELHNIL INS III U-TION. The ATMOSPHERIC RAILWAY is lectured upon by Pro fessor Bachhoffner. and exhibited Daily and in theEvenings. ANEW AMERICAN INVENTION, COLEMANS PATEN 1 LOCOMO TIVE ENGINE, for ascending and descending n'clined planes on Railways without the aid of stationary power. SWIMMING ana DIVING ILLUSTRATED by the son of Capt. Stevens, the celebrated teacher of swimming, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, at Two o'clock, and on the Evenings of Tuesdays and lhursdays, at Halt-past Eight o'clock. The other Exhibitions, c. as usual-Admission, One Shilling. Schools, Half-price. pHINESE COLLECTION, HYDE PARK CORNER. Open dailv from Ten till Six, and from Seven till Ten. -This unique Collection has been honoured by the visits of Her Majesty and Prince Albert, the Queen Dowager, tne Due de Montpensier, the whole of the Nobility, the Foreign Ambassadors, the Illustrious Strangers visiting the British Court, and also by the flattering approval of all classes in England and the United States. This collection, the result of great expense, and a residence of twelve years by the proprietor in China, is amongst ths most curious ever opened in London. It is a complete illustration of the manners, customs, and in many respects, of the history and religion of an immense empire, but imperfectly known to Europeans. There is anTiTimense collection of all sorts of things connected with the manu.actures, the modes of living, the . ostumes and domestic economy, and tfi? state of the arts in China there is something to please all inquirers. -'Times. We assert it to be the .most attractive exhibition of its class which has yet appeared in London.'-Morning Post. A visit to this museum will amply reward the most sanguine expec tation. It is an exhibition quite unique. -Morning Chronicle.

===== icdar2017_train_en_7_273 =====
Among the others on the platform were General Sir Charles Fraser, V.C., General Keith Fraser, Sir Michael Biddulph, General Dunn, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, General Sir Henry Havelock, Sir Francis de IVinton, and Sir Charles Just, tbe comptroller and equerry to the Duke of i'ork. As tbe Prince of Walee stepped from the saloon he wa3 warmly greeted by the Duke of Coburg f.nJ the Duke of Cambridge. Hie Royal Highues3 appeared to be in the best of health and not tha least fatigued by his trying journey. He wae wearing a short black overcoat with black fslt hat. The Duke of York, wearing a light grey ultter, also appeared extremely well. After talking a few moments with his brother the .Heir Apparent warmly shook hands with Sir M. Biddulph and General Fraser and the other military gentlemen who were on the platform. He then, accompanied by the Duke of York, entered the Royal carriage which was in waiting and drove to Marlborough Hou.c. As soon as his carriage entered the station yard the crowd outsice, which was mostly com posed of well-dressed gentlemen, raised a cheer, which his Royal llighncgj continually acknowledged by bowing from the carriage window. To ha been esnt te the police in the longer market towns, respiting a fraud carried on by street vendors. As is well-known, tbe late extra-ordinary cures in this district have attracted idespread attention to the mdicine by which they were effected, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and it appears that street and market-place vendors have been detected fraudulently selling large quantities of loose pills Under Dr. Williams' name. It cannot be too widely known t.iatDr. Willifiros' Pills aie sold only in wioden boxes, enclosed in a pink wrapper, boaring the full name I r. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and also anything else offered, either by shopkeepers or others, as Dr. Williams' is i fraud h r the detection of which tho manu facturers will pay a cash roward. Should aay doubt exist, the best plan is to sond tho price iu stamps, without anything extra lor pestage 2s 94-or 13s 94 for six boxes to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 llolborn-viaduct, Loudon J'he genuine pills are never sold loose, or by the dozau or huudred under any oironmslances, and no tradesman can pu t up the same formula as soma pretend Dr' Williams' Pink Pills are a proved cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, ataxy, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, Uo, They are not purgative, but rasters pais and sallow complsxt tins to health, and are a specific for female troubles, while in men thoy effect a radical cure in all cone from worry, overwork, or excess of any nature. Mr. James Weatherby was buried on Thursday in ths churchyard of the parish church at Walton-ou-Xhames. There was a very large attendance of friends, and the blinds of every house in Walton were .drawn down. The chief mourneis were Messrs, John Weatherby brother , John Weatherby eon , Miss Weatherby, Mr. aud Mrs. K. Weatherby. Messrs. C. T. Weatherby, J. H. Weatherby E. M. Weatherby, J. T. Weatherby, and W DELICIOUS Stores Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. Tea and Oottee Sale Rooms Mincing-lane, LOND N, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores Tdath-street 1 n-street, LONDON, F.C. Bonded and Export Stores, Peerless-street, LONDON, L.C. Coffee Roasting, Rleiuimg Stores, and Essence Manufactory, Old-street, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale and Exnort Nelson Place, LONDON, E.C. Fruit Preserve Factory Spa-road, Bermondsey, LONDON, S.E. GENERAL OFFICES BAT If-STREET, CITY-ROAD, LONdON, E.C. 173, FORE-STREET. PLYMOUTH 24,

===== icdar2017_train_en_7_269 =====
Polls were demanded, among other places, at Buckland Monachorum, Coombeinteignhead, Egg Buckland, Ermington, Kingswear, Upton Pyne, Hall, where is to take place the marriage between Prince Adolphus of Teck and Lady Margaret Grosvenor, daughter of the Duke of Westminster, is some four miles from Chester, in the midst of the lovely Deeside scenery. It is an estate that came into the possession of the Grosvenors in the fifteenth century, by the marriage of Raufe de Grosvenor with Joan, the daughter and heiress of John Eaton. The family have always been lucky in love, for the great Pimlico property, which now brings in enormous sums to the Duke, and will ere long return still more, was the marriage portion of Mary Davies, daughter of one Alexander Davies, of Elrond Manor, Middlesex. Her son, Sir Robert Grosvenor, lived at Peterborough House, on a site which has since been occupied by Millbank Prison, and is now vacant. It had belonged to the Mordaunts, Earls of Peterborough, and the last of them, the eccant nobleman who had so romantic a career in Spain, sold it to the Grosvenors, who rebuild it is 1735. Eaton Hall, as it now exists, is practically the third of its name. The first was built in the reign of William III., the next in 1803. In 1845 this one was greatly altered, and in 1869 it was practically rebuilt. The work took some five years, and the result is an edifice in the Domestic Gothic Style, one of the most palatial in England. The chapel where the marriage takes place has a tower higher than any other in the neighbourhood. One of the most charming apartments in connection with the hall is the tea-house, a summer retreat which is ornamented with paintings on marble by Mr. H. S. Marks. The artist has depicted the Seven Ages of Man, the signs of the Zodiac, and various designs taken from animal life. The pillars are of oak grown on the estate, and the floor of parquetrie-verily a lordly pleasure-house. These things may well be found at the Duke's dwelling, for he is no doubt the richest man in England. He owns 20,000 acres of agricultural land besides his splendid Belgravian estate. who has just to his demands at Antananarivo, is familiar with the state of affairs in Madagascar. He was French Resident there seven years ago, and had many diplomatic struggles with that little old man of 67, the Prime Minister, who he found a very subtle diplomatist. M. de Vilers has not much suavity, but he has a good deal of determination, and he and the Premier were pretty well matched. On one occasion hauled down the French flag at the capital, in order to try to frighten the Malagasy into agreeing to his policy. He was, last year, the French agent who extorted such stringent terms from the King of Siam, and it was his success there that decided the French Government to send him out as special envoy to Madagascar, in order to bully or cajole the Premier into submission. Asthma has long been classed amongst the incurable diseases. It has baffled the greatest skill of the medical profession.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_274 =====
EVENING POST' BUSINESS GUIDE. rA LOAU, JOHN, Decorator. Sign 3L Pointer, and Glazier, Gandy-street, Exeter, B RER and DRIFFIELD, STAINED GLASS WORKS. MAKERS of ORNAU8N I'AL LEADED GLAZING, Bartholomew street, Eieter. Special terms to builders ► DON, J. E and SON, PURVEYORS, 5. Bast Gate, Exeter, supplies the best quality meatat moderate prices. Families waitedon daily for orders. Telephone No.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_286 =====
, 22, Gandy-street. BETWEEN EXETER AND DAWLI3H T O be Let from Lady-day, 3895, a charming detached Country House near Rail Church and post office, occupying a high and healthy position commanding extensive views. The house is approached by a carriage drive, and contains eight bedrooms, bath-room, drawing room, dining-room, morning-room, well-fitted kitchens, c. There is also capital stabling, three cottages, and well laid out grounds of about two acres.-Apply Thompson. Rippon, and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_296 =====
DE VON AND EXETER HOSPITAL, EXETER. TVONATIONS towards the BUILDING JJ FUND £ . d. A mount already advertised 3,697 15 o Bishop of 10 0 A. G. Ferrers Howell, 0 £3.713 10 0 Further Donations are earnestly solicited, and may be paid at the Exeter Bank, or sent to ALBERT E. BOYCE, Secretary. DAVID'S WARD, So. 2. h vebeinstrongly urged bv the St. Sid well's portion of tllow ourselves to be nominated as Cmdi.l ' to represeatyou oa the new Board of tj Ulir j and to this invitation we readily as,cat If elected, oar earnest endeavour, will u devoted to the best int wests and comfortof th paor people wbo are unfortunate to seek refuge in the Workhouse, orwho'otbJ wise require th? assistance of the I'o.r l Authorities at the same time we be ever mindful of the true interest or ra Ratepayers. la We have the honour t remain Your obedient S-rra'ats H. L BREWSTER.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_283 =====
A choice assortment of modern lamps kept in stock, French Colza Oil, Alexandra, Chrystaline, and other oils of the finest quality. ENT ON, M., CHINA, GLASS, and EARTHENWARE DEALER, 81, South-street, opposite the Catholic Church. Entirely new Stock. Large consignment of ehoxq and nrettv Tea Given that all Creditors _i. x and other persons having ar.y claims or sdsmands against the estate of Jane Staiutcn, late of Sidbury, in the County of Devon, spinster, deceased who died on the 6th day of November, 1894,1 are requested to send particulars of their claims to us, the uudersigned solicitors, for the executrix of the Will of the deceased. Dated Sidmouth, 3rd day of December, 1894. RADFORD AND ORCHARD. Solicitors for the said Executrix.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_298 =====
NICELY PICKLED OX TONGUES, SILVER-SIDES. AND BROKETS ALWAYS READY THE BEST IS CHEAPEST. TELEPHONE No. SO. I DEVON OX-BEEF AND WETHER MUTTON IS INVARIABLY SUPPLIED, AT IOVYflST POSSIBLE PRICES, BY N OTICE is Hereby Given, That Preliminary Examinations for Twelve Free Scholar ships will be held on the 30th January, 1895, iu various local centres throughout the United Kingdom. Those Candidates only who may be selected at these Preliminary Examinations will be allowed to attend the Final Competition for the Scholar ships before the Director and Board of Pro fessors, at tha College iu London, on or abjnt February 22nd. Forms of Application for these Scholarships may be obtained from the Registrar of the Col lege. No such application can be entertained if reoeived after 5th .January, 1895. In every case a Registrar's Certificate of Birth must accom pany the application form. The Scholarships will be allotted as follows -Composition, 1 Si aging preference given to Soprano and Tenor , 3 Pianoforte males pre ferred , 2 Organ, 1 T iolin male preferred , 1 Violoncello male only , 1 Flute male only , 1 Clarionet male only , 1 Horn male only , 1. By order GEO. R. 8HORTO, Town Clerk.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_302 =====
In accepting that position, we do that our past conduct on the Beat . 4 commeuded itself to your judgment. If a -i u elected, nothing shall be wanting on eur pnrt 1 faithfully carrying out the spirit ot the Act-m seeing that the deserving poor are properly nro-ided for, at the same time carefully guarding the Ratepayers' interest. We would wish to draw your attention to the nomination of Mrs. Chorley, who has tc.n nominated for this Ward, by the Committee for promoting the Election of Women Guardians, and to ask those who wish to Vote for us to also Vote for Mrs. Chorley. We beg to remain, Your faithful servants. JOHN R. E. BALKWILL. THOMAS REED. 6th December, 1894. RURAL DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE PARISH OF HEAVITREE. HAVE been invited by a large number of my fellow parishioners, to allow myself to bt nominated to represent you jpoii I ,s. trict Council, and in consenting I beg to solicit the favour of your vote and interest. I have represented you for several years upon the Board of Guardians, and you will be able to judge of my attention to the duties which have devolved upon me from t le Official List of Attendances at he Board Meetings, whish has just been published in the Press. Ic has always been my endeavour to watefc over the interests of the Ratepayers, and to advocate a liberal treatment of the claims of ill deserving poor and should you do me the honour of electing me again as one of your Representatives it will still be my desire to do all I can i 1 the best interests of the Ratepayers of all classes, aud of thu Parish of Heavitree general!v. I remain, your obed ent servant, Melroee, Heavitree. J. 'SAMPSON.

===== icdar2017_train_en_15_5 =====
The watch, the handker chief, the purse, the pocket-book, the sheep, the fowl, the fagot, and the potatoe, unprotected by the police, would send to our gaols and prisons criminals, far outnumbering those sent there by the game, in spite of the alleged incli nation in the heart of man to prey upon fur and feather. The Norfolk Farmer is an excellent aid against the army he himself desires to befriend in the field, and he at once points the danger of breaking in the ice. One step, and then another-the last the nearest to destruction. First, the right of the landlord to the wild animal is assailed, and then the right to plant h!s tree. The mischief is, that you cannot have pheasants without covers. You cannot have an English ship without the English oak. If you give up the tree you resign the vessel if you yield the claim to the game you infringe the private rights of landed property, and you permit the restless man of change and innovation-the man that recommends an unwholesome concession to crime-to put in a wedge to split the wall as well of the poor man's cottage as of the rich man's THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER. Sir,-Were it the case now as it was in the olden time t hat learning was confined to Clerks almost exclusively' there would appear to be some reason for looking upon the Universities as nursery gardens in particular for the Church but since the general diffusion of know ledge amongst all classes, such a reason no longer holds good. But it is not my present object to enter upon the question of the Universities at large, but simply to regard them as places for the especial training of the Clergy. I should be sorry to set down aught in malice of the Universities, or any other assemblages of my fellow-men but really it is too much when we are generally told, as we sometimes are in Parliament when the privileges, or, as some would call them, the abuses of the Universities ar brought into question-that they are the nursing places of the Church, and therefore procul este profani! The an swer is farcical. It is my happiness to have known many estimable men at the Universities, and everybody knows that men of the very highest attainments have taken their de grees there but what has this to do with their being effec tive places for training the Clergy ? Why, I only state what everybody is aware of who has had any experience at the Universities, that those men who came up to College in my time, with a view to orders, owed their fitness for them, not in consequence of, but in spite of the system they found there that the good remained good and that the unfit, instead of being made better as under a proper discipline they might have been, or else been prevented from pro ceeding further , were only made ten times more the children of hell than they were before. Their University career was looked upon by them as a time for making play whilst they could, knowing that soon they would be obliged to pull in for the rest of their lives on the principle, with some modification, of Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die -let us take our swing now, for in a few years we must be dead to it all! Now, shocking as it is, I declare that I have myself heard something of the kind pleaded as an excuse for temporary indulgence at the Universities by one who is now moreover a most active clergyman! And the system tacitly permits such to take their swing and, consequently, has ruined many a man altogether, in ex ternal circumstances as well as in soul. That colleges, ori ginally founded for poor scholars, should be so defective in discipline as to produce such enormous evils, is a na tional crime and that, at the same time, they should be called alma maters of this branch of the Christian Church is so egregiously ridiculous as to be absolutely incredible, did we not know what people will say and think when they have been accustomed to it. It was only last session that the cold and staid Pre mier-he who so seldom finds out an abuse, or at any rate notices it, unless it is forced upon him-gave it as his opinion that the discipline of our Universities was far from being what it ought to be. He said this with out any reference to their being the training places for the Clergy, but as general institutions for education but if the remark be true of them as such, how much more ap plicable is it to them as nurseries for the Churchy

===== icdar2017_train_en_15_4 =====
If private grounds were to be thrown open to the incursions of the idle and disor derly, by the removal of the laws for the protection of game, a stringent Trespass Act must talce the place of those laws which would be a hundredfold more unpopular, be produc tive of more frequent conflicts to the endangerment of life, than the present Game Laws while at the same time not one of the objections urged against the preservation of game would be removed. The supposition of 200 coalheavers, in their begrimed clothes, forcing themselves into the grounds where a fete was given, does not raise the example the Norfolk Farmer seems to desire for a body of men so misconducting them selves would be guilty of a riot, and at once be within the grasp of the policeman and the law. In this letter it is stated that the people argue thus game wanders about so much that it is impossible to know who bred the game, and therefore who is the rightful owner of it. I may be put into prison by Squire A for taking a hare which did not belong to him, although on his land at the time, as it was born and bred on the land of Squire B. Now, of all shallowillustrations that a writer ever put forth, this is the worst for the law having decided that the game is the property of the owner on whose land it is at the mo ment found, at all events the people thus made to argue, by the Norfolk Farmer, must know that at least the game is not theirs, and whichever way they get to gaol, they are rightly punished for stealing that about which there is no mistake, and as to which they have no sort of legal right or claim. The properly in a sheep does not depend upon who bred itand when this writer further urges that the people say, if game is property, why don't you take more care of your property, and not, by leaving it about, put temptation in a poor man's way? he seems, singularly enough, to forget that large flocks of sheep are necessarily left about at times as much as game, and that the laws for the protection of sheep are infinitely more severe than those for the care of game, and that it most assuredly is the spirit of all law to be more jealously severe in its provisions for the protection of property, precisely as, from the nature of that property, it is of necessity liable to be left in wild and easily accessible places. By this the charge of too great severity in the Game Laws is at once satisfactorily an swered. Your correspondent publishes the arguments he says are used on one side, without debating whether they are correct or not, and recommends a vast change in the law, founded on those arguments and on a clamour which he admits may be fallacious. Such counsel savours but little of education or reason. The making game private property, and legalizing its sale, was a very great error. The manifest inattention to the provisions for regulating its sale was a greater error and last of all, the establishment of a private property, and then not putting that private property on the same footing with all other private property, by surrendering it into a similar custody of police, was a crowning folly, which may well be regarded as the parent of much of the clamour now existing. Game is the only property not placed within the custody of the constable. Take the constable's care from any other species of property, and the inroads upon it would far outstrip the theft on game.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_177 =====
Allanson, Moxon, Smith Co. Hammond, Turner Co. Ross Burton, Healey, Hudson, Wilkinson,and Lofthouse,Hull Kenmngham, Tigar, Turner, and Ramsdon, Beverley Dixon, Barton Sherwood, Drif field Bridlington Fox, Bridlington-Quay and all Medicine Venders. JIAL.V OF GILEAD I S a most agreeable ami powerful restorative in all Nervous Dis. orders. This celebrated Cordial is peculiarly efficacious m Inward Wasting , Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Depression of Spirits, Trembling or Staking of tlie Hands, sliortne of Breath and Consumptive Habits. It eases tlie most violent Pains in the Head and Stomach, and promotes gentle perspiration. By the Nobility and Gentry this Medicine is much admired, being pleasant to tlie taste and smell, gently astringing the fibres of the stomach and citrine that proper tone which a good digestion requires. Nothing c m be better adapted to assist the constitution which has been much in lured by the irregularities of youth, habits of studious application, a life of pleasure, or a residence in hot climates or those wdio from anv cause have fallen into a despondent state of mind or that dis-. 'sine train of svmiitoms, commonly denominated the Nervous. persons Ita nentaf powers are not le enfeebled than the corporeal, and to them a remedy that acts wflh prompt interfering with domestic habits, is peculiarly desirable. SoW by T T pping, Allanson, Turner and Co. and Radford, Hull Turner, Beverley and all respectable Medicare enders in bottles at lls. each, and family bottles, containing the quantity or such disorders as originate in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate eruptions undue evacuations, chronic rheumatism, and the consequences of insidious Jr . It is a truly mild, safe, and effectual remedy, and the best sub. si itute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral M-mny. e-'tually well adapted to both sexes, and all ages, there are tew f imilies in which its great utility docs not admit of easy proof as a purifier of the Wood and a promoter of tlie natural secretions. Illustrations of the efficacy of tlie Cordial Bntm of Ciltad, and oi tne are given in the Guide to Health, which also con. tains much interesting information on health and disease, particularly on tiie origin and treatment of such disorders as result from im prudence and fashionable vices. Sold in bottles price its. and 33s. each.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_176 =====
These Drops, given agreeablv to the direction in tlie several and distinct cases not a single instance has ever come to the knowledge of Dr Norris, in which they have failed to cure. Purchasers are requested to observe that the genuine preparation of Norris's Drops, will have engraved on tlie Stamp Price 2s. 9d.-1 Is. and in Family Bottles 22s, csclii Sold by T. Topping, R.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_175 =====
TO THE PATRONS OF TUF. PUBLIC IX with feelings of gratitude and respect, the Proprietor of The liis sincere acknowledgments to his Friends and the Public, for the liberal support afforded to the undertaking in which he has engaged. In connecting himself with this concern, as a fair and honourable speculation, lie was in-flucnqpd chiefly by the persuasion, that a Journal so long established, and at one period possessing so large a share of public favour, could not fail, if conducted with spirit, to rise in generr.l estimation, and to attain ultimately such respectability in circulation and commercial patronage as would amply repay his exertions. In pursuance of this object, various improvements were introduced into the typographical department of The Packet the size of the sheet was considerably enlarged, and other arrangements were adopted, by which not only the amount of miscellaneous reading contained in the old paper was nearly doubled, but a greater quantity and variety of matter presented to the reader, in this publication, than in either of the other papers printed in Hull. The event has proved that the efforts of the Proprietor to raise this publication to eminence, as a most useful and interesting Provincial Journal, have been fully appreciated by a liberal and discerning Pubhc. The result has already exceeded his most sanguine anticipations not only has the circulation of The Packet obtained, in the space of two months, an increase of subscribers unprecedented in so short a period, but the numerous favours of the mercantile and other classes, which appear in its columns weekly, prove it to be alveady firmly established as an eligible vehicle for Advertisements, and Notices of every description.-In return for the extensive support he has received, the Proprietor, in acknowledging the heartfelt obligations he is under to his numerous Friends and the Public generally, takes this opportunity to express his intention to spare no pains or ex ienseto sustain the credit already acquired by The and to meet with spirit, and with alacrity, competition of every description. In accordance with this determination, he respectfully an nounces, that arrangements are now in progress for increasing the size of this Journal by the ADDITION of FOUR FULL COLUMNS, in width the twenty-four columns of which the paper will then consist, to be of such additional length, as may appear consistent with symmetry and fair proportion. A compensation will thus be given to the general reader, for the space occupied by the Advertisements and Notices so liberally contributed to The Packet, through the kindness of its commercial friends, and for the room unavoidably taken up by the Markets, Shipping Intelligence, and other articles, valuable to men of business, but conducing little to the . interest and attractions of a Newspaper. So very important an increase of space will enable the conductors of this paper to devote more attention to many subjects of a popular cliaracter, that have been necessarily curtailed in their limits in preceding publications, and to impart in other respects an improved feature to this Journal. The Parliamentary proceedings of the ensuing Session, under the present cir cumstances of the country, will possess a paramount claim upon the attention of all classes of the community. By the increased size of this paper, its conductors will be enabled to present the reader with a faithful transcript of the most important Debates, without abridging the local, mercantile, agricultural, and other intelligence, interesting to the readers of a Provincial Journal. The period during which this pub lication has been conducted by the parties at present engaged in it has been so short, that it would be presumptuous to allude particularly to their past labours. It will merely be remarked, tliat the tone of candour and impartiality hitherto distinguishing its pages, will continne to be maintained and that every exertion will be made to render its contents useful, varied, and entertaining.-In conclusion, we beg our numerous Friends to' accept from us tlie compliments of the season, which we hope it will be our fortune to pay to them for many succeeding years, assuring them, that our congratu lations flow from hearts grateful for their kind and liberal support.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_175-b =====
1 R. NORRIS'S FEVER DROPS . T HIS celebrated Medicine is allowed to be superior to any other remedy in all cases of Fevers, Sore Throats Slow Fevers, commonly called Nervous,Typhus Fever, and Agues, and ail those Disorders which arise from obstructed perspira tion. In hot climates, where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent, especially in the West Indies and America, these Drops are, bv extensive and successful experience, proved to be invaluable. They produce perspiration m the most gentle and easy manner, and without giving the Patient the least disturbance or uneasiness.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_248 =====
He Lord Liverpool would not enter, at present, into the other statements of propos ed retrenchment contained in the speech of tiie Noble Earl, but he must bring into view one tiling which the Noble Bari seemed to have forgotten in hissweeping pro gress of economy, namely, that a great proportion of the expenditure of Lie army consisted in half pay and allow ances, which could not be reduced because guaranteed by the national faith. These fixed payments amounted to mors than the whole peace establishment of 1792, and would,, so long as they continued, prevent us from re ducing our military expenditure in the tame proportion ax we reduced tiie numerical force of the army. While lie -tated this fact, and called upon Noble Low's to mo derate their expectations, he was at the same time willing to the choice he had made in the present in stance, of a spot for building the office in question, he shori'il not enter very largely into the subject, after tiie adcq uate explanation . iven by the honourable Baionc behind him. He couli, however, stats' , that he had de cided as he had done with great pleasure, as he under stood that the plan he had approved of would be subser vient to the beauty of one of the tirst cities in the world. Relative to the transfer of money, he had to observe, that as the only difference between t!' e offer of the honourable gentleman opposite Mr Maberly and the Bar.k of Scot land was a period of live days in the date of Ida bills, he ha.1 thought it but fr.ir to pvc the preference to the-latter, waieh had for so Ion a period the business with punctuality ar.d propriety. Mr Maberly explained the transaction alluded toby the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the honourable Baionet dir J. Marjori banks , in which he was involved. The Scotch remittances were cexierall v made at 60 and 40 days' date. He, however, had offeree! to government to do the same at 20 days' date. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then acceptedfthc oilir of the other parties at 35 days' date, thereby makirsr a loss to the public of 10 days' in terest upon three minions of money. He had not asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer for any favour, but merely for fair competition. After a few words from Sir J. Marjoribanks, Sir O. Clerk, and Mr Hume, the motion v. B3 negatived with out a division. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. Mr Hume brought forward l is promised motion rela tive to the expenditure of the country. The honourable member went into an elaborate detail of items in the va rious departments, pointing out various instances of ex travagance and mismanagement, and concluded by mov ing the following resolution That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to the effect, that his Majes ty might be pleased to institute a minute inquiry imo the mode of collecting the revenue, and also into the salaries of officers, and that a vigilant superintendance might be held ever every branch of the public expenditure, with a view to effect o reduction in the same, particularly in the military establishments. The Marquis of Tavistock supported the motion, and denounced tnc Ministers as unworthy tbs confidence of the Ei. g or people . Mr Hunks, at considerable length, combated the argu ments of tl.e two preceding speakers, and moved as an uuicncmvnt that an address be presented to hi Majesty, assuring him that the House viewed with Mtisftction the measures that hud beet taken by government for u gene ral revision of the expcnc.s incurred in collecting the cus tom duties, and requesimg his Majesty to give directions for ia similar revision ro he extended to nil the other branches of the revenue, in order that the collection of tie same might be more economical ar.d efficacious that his Majesty dc also irtmated to cause an inquiry to be made into tiie various departments of the civil govern ment. The Marquiwes of Londonderry and Titchfield oppos ed the motion, and Lord Milton ar.d Mr Crecvy support ed it r, when the house divided-For Mr Hume's motion, W-Against it, 174. Thursday., June 28. A petition was presented from the brrwers of Dundee, praying the repeal of certain clauses in an act passed for the'iegulation of the sale of beer, and or.e to the same ef fect from Renfrew.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_250 =====
The House then divided on the bill, when the numbers were-For receiving the report, . . 31 Agvinyl it, ..... ,3 The bill was lost by a majority of -8 Mr Scarlett then rose to call the attention of the House to the poor Law amendment bill. He wished not to ex cite delate. but merely to state his reasons lor not pres sing the bill at this advanced riod cf the session, and to ask leave to withdraw it for the present. lie hoped that the measure would be attended nextSes sicn with a greeter degree of discussion. He would, at the same time, propose another Bill for the purpose cf re gulating and modifying the system with tne view parti cularly of specifying the moral claims for relief, which demanded attention, and of checking tire extravagance of management which was so generally felt. A waim in continuation, observed, t It is precisely what has pas sed in the English Parliament that proves my doubts arc but too ti uc. We arc guilty of an infraction of the Treaty, and thus foreigners may justly interfere. Like you, Gentlemen, I am hostile to such interfe-rence, and to the visiting of our ships, and these arc reasons which demand, on the part of France, a reli gious observance of the Treaty of Abolition but it is my intention to enter fully upon this subject, when the question of the Colonies shall be before the Assem bly. Messrs. Benjamin Constant and Manuel, appealing to whut had taken place in the British Parliament, quoted Sir George Collier's Report, and mentioned the cases which have been proved before Committees of both our Houses. The Ultras took part in favour of the trade, and one of the most furious, Mr I e Fuymaurim, hud the audacity to say, tl at these cases were lies, as atro cious as they were absurd. The Minister of Marine also took upon himself to assert, that one of the most important statements contained in .Sir George Collier's Report was false because, forsooth, it appeared im probable to lus Excellency. Were we to look for ad ditional precis of the extent to which the Slave Trade continues to be carried on by France, we would not dcsiie more convincing evidence than the temper displayed by the Chamber of Deputies on this occa sion. A Committee, appointed by the Chamber of Depu ties to examine and report on the state of the Press, have come to a resolution that the e msorship ought to be abolished. 'I'lie ministry were, in consequence, said to be struck with consternation. 1 Much sensation was excited in the Chamber on hearing this Report. The Deputies impatiently thronged to be registered for he discussion before the sitting was adjourned, forty-ouo were inscribed to speak in favour of its recommendation, and thirty-five to oppose it. The Court of Peers have decided upon the accusa tions relative to the transactions of the 19th August. They acquit La my, but find Nantil, Mazian, Bey, and f I.avocat, Guilty, under the 87th article of the Penal Code, to which verdict the penalty of Death is attached. says the sutne letter, is extremely injurious, and Russia will be the first to see the necessity of having recourse to much more efficacious means than mere remonstrances to the Divan. The arrival of Greek families, who seek in our country a shelter from the calamities which atHict their own, still continues. They consist, unfortu nately, however, of little more than fugitives, desti tute of all means of existence. They are received with compassion, and their countrymen who have been long established amongst us, subscribe largely for their support.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_250-b =====
pnfu ano Portugal. The advices from Spain are not of a nature t allay those apprehensions which the present condition of that country 13 calculated to excite. Indeed, the writers of some of the letters hold out the expectation of a po litical crisis, which it is impossible for the Govern ment, although supported by a large portion of the military, to avert. According to all the reports which have been re ceived respecting the state of the Peninsula, the whole of the Provinces, with the exception of Gallicia and Catalonia, appear to be very cold with regard to the new system.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_251 =====
In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General Quiroga was read, in which, after re turning thunks for the munificence of the Cortes in granting him a pension, he declares that he feels him self sufficiently rewarded by the approbation of his ser vices and that he shall want nothing as long as the Spaniards ere free. Several members, complimenting the disinterestedness of the General, thought his refu sal should not be accepted that regard should be had to his family, and some thought he had no right to re fuse, or to make himself greater than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of national gratitude. The General's offer to renounce his pension was declared to be inadmissible. Colonial intelligence.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_507 =====
fid., by adarelsing the Editor, 23, Pater noster-row. Notice.-The Proprietor of the 4 ' Pianista prevents gratis to pur chasers of Nos. 24 and 25, all the Music in 44 King Arthur. No. 25 begins a new volume, and presents a good opportunity for new subscriber . Sherwoods Qange, 19, Poultry and Tern pieman, 248, Regent-street. T HE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for Ja nuary 1843, the First Number of a New Volume, contains the first of a scries of articles on the Foundation of Religious Houses in B new and improved principle, recommended and persohally aied by the most eminent physicians and army surgeons, admirably adapted for strengthening the loins what it Is, aud what it ou ht to be-Errors in Lerd Brougham's 44 Political Philosophy The History of Ferdinando of Barbados, the last of the WASSAIL BOWL. Bt ALH8HT SMITH, B q. Richard Rentier, New Burl nqtoo-atreet.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_504 =====
1. Schiller, Life and Lyrical Com positions. 2. Hymns and iAtys of Ancient Germany. 3. Validity of Popular Judgment. 4. Life and Time of Savonarola. 5. French Academy of Sciences. 6. Modern Turkish Travellers. 7. Chinese Characteristic . 8. Tariff-Commercial Policy, Home and Abroad. 9. Spain as it is. 10. Treaty with China. It. Origin of the Red Indians. 12. Poets and Poetry of America. 13. Life of Jean Paul Richter. Critical Sketches. Reviews, Correspondence and latest Intelligence, Foreign aud Colonial,Books recently published on the Continrnt, foe. London Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane and may be had by order, of all booksellers. T ~ HE FOHEIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. LX-, price 6s. CONTBNTA■ 1.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_498 =====
-WILLIAM GOW and CO., the ap-B ainted agents for bottling these celebrated ALBS, now beg to offer lem ripe in bottle quarts and pints , as well as In casks of various sizes, in high condition. The fermentation of these liquors being conducted upon a principle which render them entirely free from acidity, has br -light them under the notice of several of the most eminent physicians In London, to whom W, Gow and Co. have the honour of referring.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_470 =====
Richard , law bookseller . 194, Fleet-street. T O BARENTS and GUARDIANS.-WANTED, a respectable Youth, about fifteen or sixteen, as an APPREN TICE to an old-established SUROEON-DKNTI6T. The pupil would have unusual advantages for excelling in his profession, being under t e constant superintendence of the advertiser, who is himself a thorough practical man, both in the surgical and mechanical part but he w'11 be required to board and lodge with his friends. A mo derate premium,-For further particulars apply by letter pre-paid , with rrttl name and address to ▲. B Mr. Pollock, surgeon, S6, Hat-ton-garden. F RIDAY-STREET,

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_476 =====
In 1841, the Company declared n addition to Ih- Sharehaldersof oik-half of their fitock, and also added £2 per cent. p r annum from the date of the policies u those parties wno had Insured with Profits. The Premiums neverihfks are on the most moderate scale, and only a moiety need be irdd for the krst five years, where the Insurance isfer Life. T e amount of bonus added to policies since the commencement of the Company in March, 1834, to tho 3lst December, i64u, is as follows £sq. F. Charles Maitland, Esq. William RaUtoii, Esq. John Ritchie, Eso. F. H. Thomson, Lsq. information will b afforded on application to ths Resident Directors, Edward Boyd, Esq., and B. Lennox Boyd, Esq af No. 8, Waterloo-nines, pall-mall, London. Frederick Hak Thomson,Esq., surgeon, 46, Bernera-street, atteads t the Office daily, abaut half-past Two o'clock. of LONDON hav-j hid their attention directed by numerous correspondents to som rec.nt announcements for the formation of Art-Union in tbe Metropolis and various provincial towns, professing to restmblo in prirciple this Society, but which are. in reality, commercial Piteculations for Individual berefit. TJ ey therefore dtem it their duty, in order to prevent misapprehension- by which serious mischief might bo done to a valuable mean of edvanc-inz tbe Arts-to 6tat' broadly that thi Society was establ'hhed soDly with the di lnt rcsted view ot di eminatinK a love cf tbe Tine Arts throughout the British Empire-of legitimately promoting their pro gress, and elevating the public taate. No gentleman connected with its management has the slightest personal interest in the purchns of Works of Art, or can possibly derive any advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, therefrom, so that there is no subordinate end of an irdiviriual nature to serve. Tits Committee cannot but view with distrust any scheme which, under the guise of such a principle as this, seeks to assume for indi viduals, actuated by pecuniary motive , an it fluence which might plHce Art and Arti'ts in a state of thraldom likely to be productive of most serious consequence . Tho Society' vronpectus and all other information may be ob tained at the office, 4,Trafalgar squarc, Charing-cros , and of any of tho local secretaries throughout the country. Rubseribtr of the cur rent year will receive, in addition to the chance of obtaining a valu able work of u't, a Line Engraving from Sir A. Caleotl'a Picture, Raffuollo andnhe Fornarlnn, by Mr. L. Blocks, which is in a rtate of considerable f orwardntss. An early subscription 1r invited.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_509 =====
YIdetl. wel.re pAniiu. eitinctan. indol.m pudort at -oioriui ae otley, Price One Shilling, Mrat Number of T HE LIFE and ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT his -Comprising all his Wills and hte Ways withau H ricai Reoord of What by Box With Illustrations by Phh. _ London hapman and Hall, 18fi, 8ri .na. SALES BY AUCTION. Dorer-itreet, Pi cadilly. L AHEE and SON respectfully announce that the LEASE and FURNITURE of No. 10, ra'a on the 10th ol January, are SOLD by Prirato Contract. -Audio. Office, it, New Bond-ltreet, December 01. Berk .-Very ellttlbje of .ariou enclo.uraa of up rior Meadow and Arable Land, end otherB t t , son will SUBMIT to SALE by AUCTION,.t .he Castle Inn. Wind-sor, on Saturday, January 14, at One, under the ®fthe late George Proctor, Esq., tiie T O very valuable FREEHOLD FARMS, nearly surrounding Winkfleld Church, between Wmdsor, Maidenhaad, and Brackneil, known as Brown's and Goodwin s Farms, which will be subdivided into numerous lots also a very extenkive allotment of heath land, lying between King s Beech and Bagshot Park, partly adjoining the Royal preserves. The whole Property comprising about 400 acres, and offering most eligible occupations and safe investments for capital of various amounts, particularly to adjoining landowners, with many desirable spots for building.-Particulars may be had at the neighbouring inns of Edward Futvoye, Es ., solicitor, Bedford-row and of Messrs. Daniel Si aud Sen, land agents,In Windsor, and Waterloo-place Pall-mall, Leasehold Ground-rents and Improved Rente, In Bentinck-street, Cavendish-square, and Hereford-sireet, Park-lane. TV TESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will lYl SELL by AUCTION, at tha Auction Mirt, on Wednesday. Jan. 18, at Twelve, by erder o' the executrix of a lady dccf-asrd, sundry GROUND RENTS, arising eutof house and premises in Bentiack-street, Cavendish-iquare. and Marylebene-lane, under the Duke of Portland also certain Snares iB the Improved Rents of two hand some Houses in Hereford-street, Hyde-park.-Full particulars may be had at the Auction Mart at the Coackmaker ' Arms one of the houses of Messrs. Malton and Trollope,'solicitors Carey-atreet, Lincoln' -inn and at Messrs. Smith's offices, in Waterloo-plaee. preventing rupture, and checking increase of corpulency to those inclined to that habit, but alike comfortable and beneficial to thin as well as stout with a Plate-Coffin of Sutton, the Founder of the Charter-taise-Recent Diseoveries in Subterranean London-Review of Hewitt's Germany-Poems by the late Marquess Wellesley, foe With Li terary and Scientific Intelligence-Reports of Antiquarian and Ar chitectural Societies-Historical Chronicle-Obituary, with Memoirs of Sir M. O'Loghlen. Sir Jeha Cross, General SirG.T. Walter, Rev. Dr. Heath, Lady Callcott, Mr. William Hone, Mr, John VarleyJ foe. Price 2s. fid. W. Pickering, Piccadilly.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_468 =====
GECRETARY WANTED.-The Projector of a Public Company, now in course of formation, require a SE CRETARY, who must be of first-rate address, thoroughly conver sant with business, and of highly respectable connections. He will be required to invest £1,00J in shares. Salary to commence In a few months , about £ W0 per annum at first, and increasing with the suc cess of the undertaking.-Address pre-paid to C. F. Messrs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_376 =====
Tlie Castro from Rio Janeiro to Hamburg, on the 4th ult., in lat. 26, lon.34 Ariadne from Hamburg to Valparaiso,.on the 29th, in lat. 43, long. 16, by the Johannes, arrived at Falmouth. The Ranger packet from Falmouth to Rio Janeiro, In lat. 7 N long. 26 W., by the CatharlpaDorcthea, arrived off Falmouth. The Columbia from Liverpool to New York, on the 17th ult., ln lat. 42, long. 40, with loss of sails, c., and supplied by the OllRda, arrived at Cork. The Bidaon from Liverpool to Calcutta, out seven days, In lat. 61, long. 9, by the Ratchford, arrived at Waterford. The Clyde, from Liverpool to Charleston, ln long. 22 W., out 38 days, by tbe Sesostris, arrived at Belfast. INWARDS AT TBH CUSTOM-BO USB, DEC.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_387 =====
Satur day night, about half-past seven o'clock, an accident occurred to the Phoenix Dover Coach, which had just arrived from Dover, at the Bricklayer's Arms, in the Old Kent-road. The coachman had got down from the box, as customary, giving tlie horses in charge to a man at their heads. Several of the passengers also got down, having three others, two gentlemeu and a boy, on the rt o'. In a few minutes the leaders were startled by the sudden smack ing of a carter's whip, and notwithstanding all the efforts of the man to stop them, set off at full gallop, through the gate in the New kent-road, and proceeded at a tremendous pace, with the reins dragging at their heeds, towards Weet-minster-bridge. The passengers on the outside wore in the greatest terror, and the shouts of tbe people in their endea vours to stop tne horses but increased tbe auimals' speed. They passed the Elephant and Castle without coming in contact with any ot the numerous omnibuses plying there, and pursued their carter along the St. George's-rosd, to the Marsh-gate, in the Westminster-rond, through which they dashed without the least damage. By the time the horses reached the foot oi Westminster-bridge they began to slacken their speed, and the two gentlemen clambered over the roof of the coach and descended behind, but the boy was afraid to attempt it. Just as the horses reached the centre of the bridge a boy with a truck, another branch Dover coach, and a brewer's dray, were coming in an opposite direction, and there being no room for them to pass, they all came with fearfnl violence against the dray, aud by the collision the coach was overturned and the lad was thrown violently on to the pavement, and miraculously escaped unhurt. One of the leaders was killed on the spot aud the forepart of the coach was smashed to pieces. Tlie lad draw ing tbe truck fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. Tne damage done to the coach is very considerable. Friday last this town and neighbourhood were visited with a mest terrific thunder storm, which did much damage in many places. Mr. Ellis, of Vi ardhouse, has suffered to a con-ideritble extent his house was struck with the electric fluid, which rent the gables almost every pane of glass in the windows were smashed, and much damage was done to the furniture. A servant girl, who had a knife in her hand, which attracted tho lightning, was severely injured and another servant girl is also greatly burnt. The children and nursery-maid were all in the nursery, seated round the tire, acd the entire room with the exception of the part they were in , was destroyed by the lightning. All the china, delph, snd glass are destroyed, and tho house, with the exception of a parlour and bedroom over it, is past repairing. The pendulum ot the clock was twisted like a screw. Never had any family a more miracu lous escape from so awful a visitation, Tho loss of property to Mr. Ellis exceeds £200. As far as weean learn, there lias been no loss oi human life, but the loss of cattle and other property throughout the country is considerable.-Hally' shannon Herald. DIED. December 31, aged 37, S.iaan, the beloved wife of P. Bak and daughter of J, Anat.ce, Fan.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_377 =====
31. The True Love from Batavia, Elizabeth front Jamaica, Ontario from New York, Prince George from Halifax, Dorothy from Quebec, Adventure from Tercelra, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leg horn, Breeze from Bordeaux, Alexander from Guernsey, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg, and Comet from Havannah. VKS8KLS HNTKRhD OUTWARDS FOR LOADING. The Jamea for Dunkirk, Morayshire for Sydney, New South Wales, Courier for the Cape of Good Hope, Teresa for Trieste and Venice, Ontario for New York, Felia for - , Giraffe steamer for Rotterdam, and Favourite for Elalneur and St. Peter hurg. VKS8KL8 CLKARKD OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The Emerald steamer for Boulogne, Ceres for Sierra Leone, Python for Antwerp and Brussecis, Wll.am Jelliffe steamer for Calais, Fame for Antwerp, Monarch for Amsterdam, Emerald for Tenerlffe, Nautilui for St. Lucia, Standard for Guernsey, Escalduaca for Bilbao, Antwerpen steamer for Antwerp, and Anna Louisa for Bremen, the demand is triilng. In Oil 1 nothing new the article continue duil ef tale at the late redocad ralM

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_388 =====
, of Axzi'n-t.r, after a very severe and tinkering lllneaa, which ana hore with tf.e moat exea.nlary aud chrlatlan resignation. On the 30thnlb, at hla house, Tottenham green, Bajea. In Cambridge-street, Coiii.augf.t-square, cn the youngest daughter of Juhn Williams, Eaq., la o rr Maj-aty's Receipted Exchequer. On the 24th ult,, at St. Michael's, near ll.erpo.t, Abigail, the wife of Daeid Dockr y. Ou the 27th ult. Thomas Blnnx, f Mount Ve non s'r.t, L'ver-verpool, a member of the Society of Friends. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDOK THIS DAY. Morning.,..

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_362 =====
deep as not to be touched by the plough for, if not, and the dralus be made of tiled, so it remained in their the bankrupts' books, until 1833, when William and Charles Ridge took out the £10,000 as residuary legatees, and then restored the debt of Fry and Co. to its original amount of £48,000. Beside these palpable frauds, they paid legacy duty of £9,256 8s. lOd. upon their father's will, and Sir. Commissioner Fane That was a fraud which was the cause ot expense to them, as you say they had nothing to receive under their father's will. Mr. Chambers That might, sir, be so, but it was done with a view to deceive tiieir customers, in order ultimately to benefit themselves. Mr. Charles Ridge had lived for years at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and that, although he must have known the bank to be in a state of hopeless insolvency. From a statement of their affairs put before tbe Court of Review in a former stage of these proceedings, their real deficiencies from 1828 were these in 1829, £51,400 in 1830, £51,900 in 1831, £46,000 in 1832, £47,000 in 1833, £42,000 in 1834, £48,000 in 1835, £52,000 in 1838, £59,000 In 1837, £62,000 in 1838, regards effect and cheapness, they should always be made narrow at the bottom. The width of the raju at the top should be thirteen inches, and at the bottom about four inches and in that width, fie knew by experience, there was plenty ot room tor a man to use a spade and work. In filling the arains fie would recommend stones, when they could be had, tor they were more effective than tiles.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_642 =====
Addressed to Thomas Clarkson, Esq. By J. H. Hammond. Columbia, United States. A Planter and Slave-Otvner hailing from a place called Silver Bluff in which we fancy something so expressive of the gentleman th it we can hardly imagine him to be more aptly located, unless indeed it were at Brazen Bluff, which might be better still finds that having abundant leisure it will be a recreation to him to write a couple of letters to Thomas Clarkson. Accordingly, in some spare intervals of Julep, Cocktail, Moral 'Suasion and the like, and with the flavour of these strong drinks rather hot upon him, he goes a-head at a pace which we believe is familiarly compared in his own country to greased lightning and shows that Slavery, as now existing in America, is a sacred, holy, blessed institution expressly founded and commanded by Almighty God, and not to be disputed but by infidels and blasphemers. The gates of Heaven are barred, says the Ordinary to Jonathan Wild, against all revilers of the clergy. They are barred, and double-locked, and bolted, says religious Hammond, against all revilers of Slavery. It will be immediately seen that J. H. Hammond is a pious man.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_644 =====
He could only have been restrained from denouncing them, as he did the ' lex talionis, because he knew that, in despite of these barba rities, the Institution of Slavery was at the bottom a sound and wholesome as well as lawful one. We have no doubt in our own mind, now, that the miraculous draught of fishes, and the few small fishes that were the subject of the Miracle, had all been fed on slaves and that they were especially selected by the Divine Preacher of the Sermon on the Mount, by reason of their sound and whole some fattening. But Slavery in America is not only surrounded by the halo of religion, it appears it is embellished with a poetry peculiar to itself. Our patriarchal scheme of domestic servitude is indeed well calculated to awaken the higher and finer feelings of our nature. It is not wanting in its enthusiasm and its poetry. The relations of the most beloved and honoured chief, and the most faithful and admiring subjects, which from the time of Homer have been the theme of song, are frigid and unfelt compared with those existing between the master and his slaves-who served his father, and rocked his cradle, or have been born in his house-hold, and look forward to serve his children-who have been through life the props of his fortune, and the objects of his care-who have partaken of his griefs, and looked to him for comfort in their own-whose sickness he has so often watched over and relieved-whose holidays he has so often made joyous by his bounties and his presence for whose welfare when absent his anxious solicitude never ceases, and whose hearty and affectionate greetings never fail to welcome him home. How strange it is how striking an example of the perversity of human nature-of black human nature, at all events that from all this Homeric poetry these happiest human beings on whom the sun shines in its course will run away perpetually! filling the newspapers in the Slave States, so surely as their publication days come round, with adver tisements descriptive of their gashed and rotten persons, at which the wicked stomachs of infidels sicken, and against which the whole soul of man rebels! The God-appointed owners are ' the fathers ' of the slaves ' their shepherds ' everything that is Arcadian, patriarchal, and protective -Hammond says a thousand times. But mark the sudden descent from the Cross the rapid fall from Heaven to Earth the flying off of Mrs Cole, at a tangent, from Squintem to the black-eyed girl of Rosemary lane which is revealed in the following short para graph. The only honest one in fifty pages. Nay, supposing that we were all convinced, and thought of slavery precisely as you do, at what era of 1 moral 'sua sion ' do you imagine you could prevail on us to give up a thousand millions of dollars in the value of our slaves, and a thousand millions of dollars more in the depreciation of our lands, in consequence of the want of labourers to culti vate them ? Consider were ever any people, civilized or savage, persuaded by any argument, Human or Divine, to surrender voluntarily two thousand millions of dollars ? Even Pious Hammond's Piety comes down to dollars. Come ! Buy us oft', says Hammond and we'Jl soon accommodate our Bibles to the bargain. You shall have them, in, if you will only buy us. Yet Hammond thinks that when a base dollar bears a blasphemous presentment of the author of all goodness on its front, it will be taken for celes tial coin, and will have your true angelic ring The Devil is never so simple as when he quotes Scripture for his own ends. Hammond defies public opinion. As for the suggestion, to exclude slaveholders from your London clubs, says he, we scout it. Many of us, indeed, do go to London, and we have seen your breed of gawky Lords both there and here -he seems to have contemplated the breed with a true dealer's eye, by the way - but it never en tered into our conception to look on them as bet ter than ourselves. Nor can we be annoyed by the ridiculous airs of such upstarts as your O'Con nells, Ritchies, Macaulays, and the like.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_645 =====
But, oh Godlike-Hammond, we can be annoyed -we can be made very restless and uneasy in our slave-poetry-surrounded beds-by the idea of any foreign nation being so lost to every sentiment of civilized humanity as to attempt to erect amon us the standard of revolt, or to invade us with Black Troops, for the base and barbarous purpose of stirring up servile war. And when that dread ful hour of retribution shall arise-as come it must one day from some dark quarter, if men like you perpetuate this system of atrocious infamy and wrong, this scandal to the truth and justice of mankind-may some scant grain of truth among the monstrous distortions of it which are unblush-ingly put forth to shield the crime of trafficking in human life and liberty some grateful recollection in the breast of an old slave for some old momen tary kindness done preserve the doer from that Red Sea in which the host of charioteers whose cars are dragged by slaves through a false land assuming to be free, shall surely vanish from the earth! Not to-day, O Lord! O not to-day, but in the fulness of their blind resistance to the dictates of Humanity and Right in the noontide of their outrageous prostitution of the names of Liberty and of Religion raise up thine instruments of vengeance from among the lashed and miser able beings crouching at their feet, and strike them down with the accumulated wrath of Gene rations 1 There is no effort that any abolitionist Society in any part of the world could make, that would serve the cause qf abolition half so well as the wide dissemination of such pamphlets as this. They should be reprinted by scores of thousands. Their incredible audacity, and their miserable fee bleness, are means more potent towards the great end than any that ingenuity could devise.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_645-b =====
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia, and Overland from Adelaide to King George's Sound. By Edward John Eyre, Resi dent Magistrate, Murray River. Two vols. Boone. These expeditions were made in 1840 and '41, but the author's subsequent official employments in South Australia delayed the publication of his book. The greater part of the second volume is devoted to an acc rnnt of the Manners and Cus toms of the Aborigines, and of the state of their relations with Europeans. In undertaking his expeditions into the northern interior of Australia Central Australia, by the way, he cannot be said to have penetrated , Mr Eyre represented the general body of colonists, aud took part in the pecuniary as well as personal risk but received the general sanction of the Government, and some particular aids from them. The hope was that these expeditions might lead to the discovery of a good country, or at any rate open an available route across the Continent. In both points anticipation failed and the actual re sult is as dreary as can be well imagined. Mr Eyre discovered no important rivers, laid open no fertile regions for future colonization. He found nothing but a sterile and desolate wilderness. Through this he toiled for more than twelve months, in the midst of dangers and sufferings which proved fatal to three of his small party. These appear to have been in deed appalling. Their supplies were exhausted they had to kill and eat their horses and but for a lucky accident at last, must surely have perished. His narrative has the interest of a sturdy and gal lant perseverance, unrewarded but by the sense of duty interest of any other kind it has necessarily little. But this is much in itself. Mr Eyre writes with the plain unaffected earnestness of the best of the old travellers. It is not to be omitted, be sides, that several important geographical ob servations were made and that Mr Eyre's failure suggested schemes for success in other direc tions. Naturally, he is not sanguine as to these but he speaks with warm enthusiasm of the effort at present in progress by Captain Sturt, to lift the veil from that still mysterious interior, which he failed himself to raise. It is a year since Captain Sturt set out, and, by communications since received from him, it would appear that he is sanguine of having realized the long hoped-for sea, and of having at last found a key to the centre of the continent. A brief extract will show the general character of Mr Eyre's narrative, and the sufferings far from the most desperate of his party. March 9.-Moving on early we passed through a simi lar country to that we had belore traversed but there was more of the lea-tree scrub, which made our travelling more difficult and fatiguing.

===== icdar2017_train_en_42_192 =====
any advertisement in the newspapers.. The case remains to be decided. It naturally excited much interest among the amateurs ami .mists, who crowded the Court, awaiting anxiously the tvason Wednes day charged with having pretended to fell the fortunes of Several young girls. Sus tit Schofield, a pretty girl, about 16 years of age, went about a month ago to the lodgings of'the prisoner, in Webber-ijquare, Shoreditch, and requested to have Iter for tune told, Mrs. Carr produced a pack of cards, which the shuffled, and divided into several parcels, and said, the witness would have some very soon, blit it-would end to iter satisfaction-that she would be married before the was 19, and would have nine chClIren, all bnjfs ! !•-that her husband would a tall thin young man, of a darkish complexion. Mary Bell, another good-looking girl, Who appeared to be about the same age, said, that she was with Susan Schofield when she had her for.une told, as was also an other girl. Mrs. Carr told all their fortunes, after going through a deal of ceremony with the cards. She told this gi.ri also that she would have great many children, all of whom would be very like their, father ! !-The girl paid Ss. for telling three of them their fortunes. Elizabeth I food, another fortune-teller, was also ex amined before the same Magistrate. The prisoners were convicted as rogues and vagabonds, and committed to the Home of Correction till lie Sessions. ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, Sa. . The Walpole Tndiaraan went ashore on Sunday at ten, A. M. off Margate though the ship is totally lost, the whole of tine Officers, the crew and passengers, got safe on tthorc. Mr. Sutton, the Chief Officer, had his arm badly fractured by the wheel, ou the ship's striking. The greater part of tbc cargo is expected to be saved. Capt. Bidders ton, of the Parthian slttop of war, lately, murdered o board that vessel w hen getting under weigh from Plymouth to Corunna, was a native of Dover, in his i'UIh y ar, aud universally esteemed. James Smith, the MaSterVmatf, by whose hand he fell, is.ahnut 25 years oY age, and son of a British Planter resident at Santa Crus. .Revenge for being dis-rated by Capt. Balderston, was the cause of this wicked act. The pistol which he used was loaded with two halls, one'of which was etrt in four pieces. After loading the pistol lie sut dawn coolly to dinner, observing to his messmates that it was the last time kg should dine with them and striking his hand violently against the able, he exclaimed, f'li know what f have been div-rated for, and will be il-ra-d if I don't bf revenged ! He then rushed on deck, and shot Capt. 3al Jerston, who survived only an hour and a half, atul in excruciating pain. The marderer was instantly feiged by l.ieut. Stevenson, and conveyed on board of the-j Salvador del Miiady. So far from expressing contrition, ' he declared that nothing hot hurry of passion prevented hit loading another pistol,with which it was his intention to have dispatched Lletit. Stevenson also, as he hnd only had half his revenge.-Re was tried on Monday, aud found gullfy of the murder, making no defence. Early on Sunday morning, the body of a respectably dressed man Was found in the road lending from the bot tom of Gray's-Iiia-laue road to Camden-town. It proved to he Mr, Pester, a grazier, who resided in Cross-street, Portland-street. He left home after dinner, as he said, for a walk, and is supposed to have died f'rorq the incle-gfteirc? of tU wind, yesterday week blew down one of t h f Gentry boxes in St. James's Park, near Duke-stceet. Tim ccntinel was in it at the time,, and was so much bruised that he was taken to the Hospital with little hopes recovery. BIRTHS. Hast week a butcher's wife, in Banff, Scotland, was de livered of three children, two boys and a girl, who, wiui the mother,.are all in a fair way.

===== icdar2017_train_en_27_608 =====
-The f , I'ATHIC ESTABLISHMENT, at Sudbrook Surrey, is now in full operation., under the personal superin tendence of the eminent Joseph Weiss, M.D., from Friewaldeau, and 'ateoi Stanstead Bury, formerly the coadjutor of Vincent Preissnirz, at Graefenberg. The beautiful domain of Sudbrook, upwards of 100 acres, forms the western boundary of the Royal paik of Richmond, to nich the patients enjoy the privilege of immediate access by a private entrance. The plunge and other baths, with the pleasure grounds, have undug me recent and great improvements. There is a spaejnus salle-a-® ger, and an excellent billiard and drawing rooms. The terms of tfte establishment vary from three guineas per week and upwards ac cording to the apartments , which includes medical attendance, board, lodging, and servants. Dr Weiss may be consulted every day at Sud brook park, at 28 Sackville street, Piccadilly, for the convenience of parties 'vidiing to consult him in SWINDON, MARLBOROUGH, DEVIZES, and SALISBURY RAILWAY, with Branches to Poole and South ampton. Capital, £l,280,000, in 6-4,005 Shares of £20 each. Deposit, £2 2s. fid. per Share. Provisionally Registered according to 7th and 8th Viet., c. 110. PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE. The Right Hon.

===== icdar2017_train_en_6_232 =====
Paul's, Tiverton, offered by the Karl of R Orme Webb.R N. , was entertained by theCorpora-tion at a complimeatary banquet last .•evening fc The funeral of Mr . Charles Wilson, wife , of the Rev. C. Wilson, formerly pastor of Bherwill Chapel, Plymouth, took place atPly-1 month Cemetery this morning. Y Lord Coleridge was sued in the Westmin-efer Connty Court yesterday for £35 repairs done to to the premises of a club in Graftou-street of which he is hon. secretary. Judge Lnmley Smith hold that defendant was not liable, and dismissed the action.

===== icdar2017_train_en_6_231 =====
ioaI W. H. Parkin. Mayor.of odmin, yeeterday after a long illness. Min Maud Bramwel . of Penzance, ha won Hopluooon gold medal at the Royal College of Music. !

===== icdar2017_train_en_4_225 =====
Came in our Prince Charles, Lang, Betty, ■ - ■ from Opcrto. Mary, from Lisbon. Arrived at other Ports. Union, from Madeira, at South Carolina. at Antigua. Planter, Lavers, from South Carolina, at Cowes. SailedJ Titeup, Backhoufe, and P. cecix, Vye, for Ireland. Imported our From Oporto. 342 Pipes, 11 1 Quarter Cask Portugal Wine. 20 Baskets, Oni ons. 220 C. Cork. 30 Bags Sumach. 20 Hams. From Dingle. 2 Hhds. Tallow, 4 Hhds. Coney Skins, For the Benefit of Mr.

===== icdar2017_train_en_4_221 =====
no Confidence in any of the National Troops, their warm Alfurance of Loyalty, Fi. delity, and to the Germans. It is every Day more and more in Bavaria, that the People are difcontented, and wait only an Opportunity of taking Arms the which fprings chiefly from that Spirit of Loyalty, for which the Bavarians have been always famous. the following Biihops took the Oaths and their Seat in the Houfe of Peers, viz. Dr. Thomas, Bi hop of Lincoln, Lifle Bilhop of St. Afaph, and Trevor, Bilhop of St.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_213 =====
Morgan harmoniumist, Miss P. Jenkins. On Christmas night, in tbe same place, an entertainment was given, consisting of song , solos, recitations, c. Mr Joe Pykes and party gave the sketches entitled John Mason' Rescue, and A Domineering Wife. Sougaby Miss Blackburn, Durham Miss Henderson, Witton Park and Miss Laweyers and Miss Mas-grave. High Grange, were rendered at intervals. Ilr Peacock and Miss P. Jenkins presided at the harmonium. Saturday after noon a sale of work and Christmas tree w held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The opening ceremony was performed by Dr. Hewitson, of St. John's Chapel, accompanied by Mrs Hewitson, who were introduced by the Rev. R. Walton. The stall-holders were -Mrs R. Walton, Mrs Moore, Mrs John Kidd, Mrs Jos. Kidd, Mrs Freeman, Mrs Lee, Mrs J. Walton, Miss Maddison, Mrs Furness, Miss Herdman, Miss Kidd, Misses Forster, M-ss Ixonsdalc, Messrs Barkus, Furness, Moses, T. Walton, and J. Forster. A public tea and supper were also pro vided, to which a large number ol people sat down.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_216 =====
-The Mayor then riitoates, and in the coqrse of his remarks said it was the dsssdt of every member of the Board to make tho happy as possible at this fe ve season He also stated that he and the This was tbo average rata over 27 years Applause. -Other friends present included Messrs R. Rutherford. V. Harrison, J. Lincoln, J. Clough, R. Curtis, Buruip, Bio-nbridge, Southeron, he.-At Snuth-road Chapel there was sacred concert-Mi s M. Crawford soloist. Mr G. Dyson manipulated a series of lime light views, and Mr J. Ramsden presided. At Councillor Liugfurd's orphanage the cosy rooms were brightened with toys, decorations, and presents, of which tho children received a large share. The Baptist and Primitive ministers, and Mr Nichol, Mr Wood, c.. wero visiters and speakers.- Tile annual performance of Mrs Rayner's music pupils took place in the Edgar Memorial before a select company. Solos and dueto were undertaken with success by Misses P. Burden, L. Rowirtree, Hutchinson, Hcslop, Wil kinson, Kilhurn 2 , Redman, L. Woo-1, Rayuer 3 , M. Balgarnie, Frank, E, Brxithwnite, I. Wood, Goaw, M Callum 2 , Live-ay 2 , and Masters Proud, G Gage, and Harburu. Miss Rowutrce is a pupH of Mrs Inch, of Darlington. The High Bchool choir sang at intcivals. The Wesleyans held a sale of work in the British Schools, opened by one of the ministers. A public tea was also in the programme, and the bye-attraetiou included carol concert, magic lantern, musical drill, and maypole, under the direction of Mrs Chinn, c. RIPON. The Mayer and Corporation, in tliefr robes of office, attended service at the Cathedral, which was decorated. The Dean preach ! an appro priate sermon from St. Matthew's Gospel, ii.. 22 At the afternoon service tee Christmas portions of the Messiah Houdel were sung from, For behold to Glory to God. An address was given by the Rev. S. Reed, precentor. A special service was hold at Trinity Ckuroh, and carol services at Zion Chapel and Allhallowgate Mission Room Trinity parish . The Workhouse inmates had the customary special fare. The Bishop of Ripen preached at the Cathe dral on Sunday night iu aid of the navvy mission.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_216-b =====
NORTHALLERTON. The Northallerton Rifle and Temperaiue Bauds perambulated tho town. Tho inmates of the Cottage Hospital and the Workhouse dined off special fare. At All Saints' Church tho usual charities were dispensed by the Viear and church wardens, and there were special services, for which the church was appropriately decorated. RICHMOND. The various places of worship were decorated. At trie Parish Church Miss Wiuks sang the solos in the carols, and the Rev. A. C. Briggs rendered The Star t' Bethleham. Midnight mass was held at tbo Convent, and during Christmas Eva the Corporation Band played. The usual treat given by the Gumdiaus was held at the Work-house, which was prettily decorated, and tbe repast was served up ia splendid style by Mr apd Mrs Brierloy, the m 6tcr and matron. Assisting at tbe tables were Captain, Mrs, and Miss Geraldine Walker. Mr C. G. and Miss Tate, Major and Misses Mason, Dr. Carter and Mr Carter. Mr Wensley and the Missoe Huntoo, Sir Robert Himpson, 3itv John Hall, aad Mr William Jstmtriers. The Marchioness of Zetland gave tea, Ac., besides inviting the inmates to Aske Hall on Thursday next Mrs Roper gave tea, sugar, tobacco, and cakeo Miss Barclay, followed. A Christmas tree and a stall of work f irmed a great attraction to the festival On Saturday evening the Middleton Baud held n social evening in the Lead Company's schoolroom, which was well patronised. The Pride of Middleton Lodge of Druids held thoir annual festival on Saturday. A fell report will appear in tho Auckland Chronicle of this week. and Mrs G Y.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_201 =====
The North allerton and Thirsk fire brigades were summoned, but unfortunately tho supply of water was prac tically nit, and the efforts of the firemen were directed towards saving t he servants' quarters and tbe stabling and other outbuildings, but the hall was completely gutted, only the hare walls being left standing. The blazo was seen for miles away. The damage done amounts to several thousands of pounds, and includes the jewellery and hand some wedding presents which were presented to Mr and Mrs Swan on their marriage a little over a year ago. Fortunately there was no loss of life, aa the servants were rescued from tho burn ing building in their night clothes The fire seems to have originated iu the library, but nothing definite can be ascertained to account for tlie conflagration. The property is partly in sured. LATER PARTICULARS.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_202 =====
The fire has done damage estimated at £15,000 Of this amount, Mr R. Oiayton Swan's loss is estimated at between £7,000 and £8,000, and the loss of Mr John Hutton, J.P., the chairman of North Riding Quarter Sessions, the owner of the hall, a like amount, which is only partially covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is said to be due to a pipe from a stove in the library having come in contact with the beam in tho floor beneath, and in consequence of its being overheated had iguited the beam. The fire was discovered by Mrs Bond, who acts as wet nurse to Mr Swan's infant daughter, who slept in the bedroom adjoining the library. The North allerton Fire Brigade rendered efficient service in saving the servants' quarters and in preventing the fire from spreading to the stables. They were, however, not able to utilise a new steam fire-engine which they have recently purchased in consequence of its not being complete. A plentiful supply of water was obtained close by. ANOTHER ACCOUNT.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_220 =====
On Chrietmas morning ai Mft heavily, aad the weather was intense cold, yet a large number of persons attended the early communion services held ad -both eharehee were beautifully decoaated with Holy Trinity Church, tastefully decorated. The members of the P Company 2nd Vol. Baft. D L L marched to and from the former churo'a in the morning, headed by their haad. The usnal treat of roast beef aud pluui pudding wa given to the inmates ol' trie Teesdale Union Workhouse, and the fostjsNtia6 were continued in trie evening. A public entertainment was provided at night hy the yotme pcopto of the Primitive Methodist Society. Mr A. Hilton presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Part 1. consisted of miscellaneous items, and a Christmas cantata, The Frost Qneoa, made up a g o-.l second par-t. the characters being ably represented. The third part was a performance by twelve members of the Boys' Brigade hy kind permission of the Rev. A, H. Ford . Some interesting drill exercises were gone through in a most creditable manner, under tho command of Sergt. Quelch, of tbe 3rd D.L.I. Shildok.-At the Parish Church of St. John's special aud appropriate services were held, the offertory being devoted to the fund for the sick and aged. The Wesleyan Methodists at Old Shitdon had their annual bazaar, its object on this occasion being to raise funds for the Sunday School Building Extension Fund. Mr Kellet, of Bishop Auckland, appropriately discharged the opening function. Mesdames Marquis, Rod, Ritsoii, Brown, Richardson, And Jameson, the Misses Ritoon, Mabev, Brunskiil, James, and Tyson presided over the variant stalls, and were tMy assisted by Rttoou, Watson, Robson, Muggeridge, Coaxes, Smedloy, and Brabben. A grand conoert was given in trie evening by the New Bbildon Wadeyan Choir, tindor the leadership of Mr WT Metcalfe.-The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants hod their annual tea, and afterwards ad journed to a ouncert given by tho Tem perance Brass Band, under the leadership •t Mr W, Gibbon, the proceeds of tea and concert to ba given to rise orphan fund. A eale of work wa opened on Saturday in the New Shitdoa Wesieyeu Schools, and continued on Christmas Day. On Saturday Ob Sunday morning, the extensive warehooee of Messrs Richardson k Cellitt, general and fancy goods dealers ia Prince Regent-street, Stockton, was burnt. About 1.40 a m. P.O. Feat her.stone observe! that the building was ou fire aad promptly communicated with the fire brigade. The lire station being situated in the nsut street the brigade, with engine, hosereel, and steamer, under the command of Capt. Appleby, were able to be ou the spot within a minute after the information was received. The building was in a mass of damns, and the effort of the brigade were meinly direutod to saving the adjacent property, and having a goad supply ef water they were able to confine the conflagration to the warehouse. Nearly tbe whole of the stock was burnt, and the building was considerably damaged, nothing but ths walls remaining. It is uot known how the fire originated. The stock is insured.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_220-b =====
NORTHERN IRON TRADE THE OPERATIVES AND THB SLIDING SCALE. A special private meeting of the operative delegates of the North of England Board of Conciliation and Arbitration for trie Iron ntid Steel Trade was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Dar lington, on Saturday, to consider the offer of the employers made at the last meeting-the renewal of the sliding-scale on the old basis. Tbe whole of the works of the North of England were represented, and Mr William Kettley sided. There was a strong feeling that certain action of the Stockton Malleable Company hoc the offer of the employers made it difficult for tbe operatives to favourably consider th employers' offer or to accept it. After a long disenaskm, however, it was unanimously re solved that the operative could not accept the offer of the employers until the action of tbe Stockton Malleable C.nnpauy was thoroughly gone ioto, and a guarantee given that in tbe eve of the workmen accepting tbe offer of th employers, it should be strictly adhered to, and that no firm should endeavour to induce the workmen to aocopt a private reduction during the oonfiiiuanee of toe scale. A rosolurion was aW passed to tbe effect that the question of tbo shortening of hnnrs in the iron and steel mills in the district should be dealt with.

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_334 =====
•• In carrying out the line, but little difficulty will be experienced in getting through Parliament as to the part between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, iuasmuch as all questions with the landowners have been settled in the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Company, but subsequently abandoned by them for want of funds. The geological character of nearly the entire line is the .chalk formation, furnishing materials of the most fa vourable description, both for cuttings and embankments, and the road, when once made. n a ' be maintained at the minimum expense. , . . The most expensive part o. the line is between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, anu time required for its completion would be about three years. - This part of the line has, however, extensive a. v n ' tages. forming as it does the key to all railroads to the metropolis coming in this direction from the north, as well as from Norwich and all other parts of Norfolk, Lincoln shire, Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk, and some portion of the county of Middlesex, thereby insuring a good dividend to the shareholders upon that portion of tbe capital expended in forming it. The obtaining the proprietorship of this part of the line is therefore most important. No tuDnei will be required from Cambridge to Yar mouth, a distance of nearly eighty miles, and there arc no extraordinary deep cuttings nor embankments, and only-one viaduct, and no deep ravines or rapid rivers to cross, whilst the materials arc of such an excellent quality of cuttings that they may be cut upright, and a large por tion of the land is of so inferior a quality that its pur chase will form an iuconsiderable item in the expenditure, and the line does not pass through or interfere with any gentleman's park or pleasure grounds, nor in any way passes iu an objectiouabic manner through any whole line will form an easy and expeditious means of communication from, to, and between Cam-bridge, Newmarket, the ffwaffhams, Eordham, Soham. Mildcnhall, Thetford, Brandon, Harliog, the Bucken-hams, Kennioghall, Attleborough, Hingham, Wymond ham ' Norwich, und Yarmouth, affording facilities for branches Irom Ware, Hertford, Huntingdon, St. Neots, Ely ij ur y gt. Edmund's, Downturn, Swaffham, Dere ham Lvnn, aud thence to Wisbech, Stamford, and the whole of the improving and important district of the Great Bedford Level of the Kens and also forming the natural communication between the metropolis and the contemplated new district of the Great Level of the these populous cities, towns, und villages, there can b no doubt but that the passenger traffic along this line will be immense .und the line between Cambridge and Yuimouth can be made in the short space of two years, whilst that from Bishops Stortford will require only one year longer, so that this entire line will be open to tbe public in three years. •• The cost between Cambridge and Norwich is esti mated at a less sum per mile than any other railway in tho kingdom of so great AD extent can be made for, this part of iine extending for six'V-threc miles. •• The cost between Norwich and Yarmouth is esti mated at a still less sum per mile this part of the line extending over about eighteen miles, and giving the greatest possible facility to the fishing fish to the metropolis und the intei'. ,or of 'h e couutry, and forming tlic most advantageous and station in the kingdom for the northern foreign ma packets also produced an estimate of the expenses of the formation of the line, together with a calculation of the traffic from data carefully collected, showing a profitable return to the shareholders for the capital to be invested. The resolution was put by the Chairman, and carried unanimously. Mr. liauded to the chairman a latter from the sheiitl of Norwich, expressing his decided appro bation of Urn meeting, and the proposed line of railway. Mr. Bignold proposed the third resolution, which was seconded by E. Varnish, Esq., aud carried unanimously. It was as follows-That John I'rpeth Rastrick, Esq

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_346 =====
in very few cases in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being affected by the malady but we ob serve that io Yorkshire the disease has extended to aii kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. Fortunately, we cannot yet complain of any such extended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has boen wersc than the reality. Veterinary authorities are not yet agreed as to whether the disease is propagated by contagion or atmospheric in-lluence,-Glatyow purposes. Several of tbe nrors expressed themselves as entertain j ing a similar opinion.

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_354 =====
The Ann from 8t. Petersburg, Balfour from Pernambuco ar.d Puralba, Jane Geary from Smyrna, Caroline from Seville, Dtverci-i from Quebec, and Orion from Gamla Carleby. SHIPS ENTERED VOR LOADING. The Ann and Jane for Kerbice, Nicolai for Bremen, Bririm Constantinople, Ltrd Panmure and Rapidc for Havannah, IriihLui for Monte Video and Buenes Ayres, Rob Roy for Philadelphia, Bo I-var for Kio Janeiro, Jane for bt. Thomas's, and Samaritan for IV-itantlnopleand Odessa. SHIPS CLEARED OUTWARDS.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_330 =====
the half-yearly amount of the dock duties was made up. It presents the irmtifying feature of ar. increase over the corresponding half-year of 1826. hie number of vessels which have entered the port even exceed tlie corresponding hail-year of the celebrated year 1825. SOUND LIST. Dee. 18 -The Monarch, Harrison, of Whitby, from Memel, put into Copenhagen, leaky, on the 15th. The ships mentioned in our last remain. Winds-Dec. 9,10, W ll, 12, S 13, S. to SE 14, 15, S. to SW. 18, SW. 17, W. 18, SW. HULL-FOREIGN ARRIVED-From surviving relative, a grandfather. aged 23, Miss Reid, only daughter of David near K rmoy. She was to have been married to ot c Mrd Dragoon Guards, on Tuesday morning 8ct her night-dicus ©n lire, and as ao dreadfully burnt that she expired two days Bouch Ann, Walker. Quebec, Foster, Bennett. Iliya, Betsey Black, Forman.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_314 =====
On Thursday morning, an attempt was made to rob the horse-post from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, by two ruffians, one of whom seized the reins of the horse, and the other struck the rider so violent a blow as nearly to force him from the saddle. The villain who had seized the reins, however, lost his hold, and the rider escaped with the letter bags in safety ThetownofGreat Yarmouth, Norfolk,on Wednesday,Thurs day, and Friday in the week before last, was in a most extraordi nary state of excitation, from the discovery of the exhumation of several bodies from the church-yard of that parish, by a gang of resurrection men. It is supposed there have not been less than twenty bodies removed, as well ax many others from the neighbouring church-yards. Two of the resurrection men are in custody. We understand that, within a few days, accounts, if possible still more disheartening than before, as to the American affairs of Messrs. Jeremiah and William Thompson, ofRawden, have reached this country.-Leeds Intelligencer.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_309 =====
C. by giving their sanction to the undertaking i w feel assured, under these circumstances, that the success of this gentleman, upon the occasion in question, will be fully adequate to the opinion so generally entertained of his ability. Miss Foote.-We very much regret that the friends of the above lady, whose talents we admire, should think it neces sary to propagate the most absurd and fulsome puff's in her praise. Such conduct is unwise, as well as unjust to the public, and can be of no service to Miss F. Our attention has been called to this subject by observing a long article in two London papers, dated from this town, and quoted at the bottom Hull Paper, full of the most contemptible false hoods, not one word of which ever appeared in any paper published here. The article commences by telling the reader that in the olden time these are the very words used , the taste for theatricals was at a very low ebb in Hull, but that Miss Foote and Mr. Downe had contrived to infuse a new and better feeling! This is merely ridiculous but the next statement, unless the offspring of the grossest ignorance, is a wilful lie it says, on her last year's visit Miss F. received 300 guineas for six nights, besides having the grati fication of placing a large sum at the disposal of the treasury. Miss F. as most of our readers know, was never engaged in Hull until the present season, and therefore could neither receive 300 guineas on her last year's visit, nor aid the trea sury by leaving any sum at its disposal! The paragraph then states that Miss F. played Juliet and Maria Darlington four nights', that every box was taken for four nights ! and that she sung Buy a broom three times i. e. had a double encore on each nightof her performance! False, every word! We repeat, that such impudent trash as the above can be of no service to Miss Foote, and it would be prudent in that lady to suggest to her friends, how little necessity there can be for them to push their zeal to such unjustifiable lengths.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_309-b =====
On Wednesday last, a boy named Thomas Brown, was pushing a boat off from the vessel on which he was standing in the Old Harbour, when he unfortunately lost his balance and fell into the water, between the vessel and the boat, and was drowned. The body was not found till Saturday, and an inquest was held over it the same day, before George Coulson, Esq. coroner, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was about eleven years old. Yesterday, at the MansioD-House, Mr. S. Alcock was con victed in treble costs, for levying a distress to the amount of 12s. fid. and charging costs thereon 6s. fid., being Is. more than the rate fixed by Act of Parliament.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_316 =====
-About nine o'clock on the same night, Mr. R. Hoyle, farmer, of Heighington, was struck a violent blow by some unseen person, near the National School, and being made insensible thereby, wasrobbedofabout£16, retaininghiswatchandabout £3. On Saturday night week, the warehouse lately belong ing to Mr. Cuttill, but now to Messrs. Hooker and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_315 =====
The Weather -Such is the present unprecedented mild ness of the weather, that we are infonned gooseberries are at present forming upon some trees in this neighbourhood.-Daisies were gathered upon one of the highest hills in this vicinity on Wednesday.-Bradford Courier. An accident occurred on Wednesday evening during the irformance at Mr. Powell's Circus, m. -Rridge-street,- Br A-'ord. In consequence of the crowded state of the gallery, one of the supporters broke, and part ef the flooring gave way. Several females fainted from fear, but not the slightest injury was sustained by any of the audience. On Tuesday evening last, as Richard Parkinson, overlooker to Messrs. Richard Fawcett and Son, of Bradford, was return ing from Horton to Bradford, about seven o'clock, he was stopped at Clay ton-lane-end, near Manville House, by four men, who seized him and threw him down. After attempting to stop his mouth, they proceeded to rifle his pockets, but providentially they did not succeed in accomplishing their pei fm purpose. The final resolution is now taken by the parties interested in the intended navigable canal fromWakefieldtoFerrybridge, to apply to Parliament during the ensuing session, for an act t make and maintain such canal. Thestrugglein Parliament last session between the Aire and Calder Company and the Wakefield and Ferrybridge Company was most arduous, 130 members having voted for the new canal, and 135 against it, constituting a larger number of members than was ever before known to assemble in the House of Commons to vote on an inland navigation bill.-Bradford poachers in this part of the country have now hit upon the expedient of congregating in great numbers, for the purpose of intimidating those who have the care of game pre-serves. A body of sixty or seventy men assembled in this way and went to Templenewsam, near this town, the seat of the Marchioness of Hertford, on tlie night of yesterday week, ten of whom were armed with guns, and the rest with sticks and bludgeons. The residents of the mansion, of course heard what was going on in the grounds, for the plunderers shot game within five yards of it, but the inmates per ceiving wliat vast numbers were assembled, and there being compa ratively few keepers and watchers at hand, they did not venture to offer any resistance. The poachers were therefore allowed to proceed in their depredations, and they brought away no small quantity of Christmas presents. Early in the morning of Thursday an express was sent off to Leeds for assistance, but the only civil power on duty were the watchmen, upwards of thirty of whom collected at six o'clock, the time at which they go off their rounds, and were despatched to Templenewsam by different routes. The poachers had, in all proba bility, left the grounds before tlieir arrival, or had retired in a different direction to that in which the watchmen approached, for the poachers and the watchmen never came in contact with each other, or it is probable the result might have been serious. We have not heard that any of the parly have been apprehended. Two poachers, being part of a gang from the neighbourhood of Dewsbury, were apprehended on the grounds of J. C. Brandling, Esq. of Middleton Lodge, near this town, on the night of Sunday week one of them had two pheasants in his possession, and the other w as lying upon a gun. On Tuesday they were taken before the West Riding magistrates, assembling at the office of Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, in this town, when the man who was found lying on liis gun was dismissed, because it was not in his hand, and the other was fined £5.-Leeds Intelligencer. Several very bold attempts at robbery, independently of small pilferings, have occurred in Lincoln lately. On Friday night week, a noise was heard by oqe of the .neighbours as of persons moving about in the back yard of Messrs. Norton and Whitton, near the waterside, and in the morning it was found that a most persevering attack had been made on the count ing-house the door, a remarkably solid one, had resisted the efforts of the thieves, though much broken, and some of its bolts undone, yet owing to an ingenious patent lock no entry could be made. It is supposed that the thieves must have been occupied for an hour in these attempts, and that a chance light in a neighbouring tenement caused them to desist.

===== icdar2017_train_en_57_144 =====
365 SH AYES SHAVES, A V1KOLIA FOR 6° -HAVING to last a Year. the Saturday issue of the EVENING POST, CADBURY'Si COCOA, The typical Cocoa of English Manufacture, Absolutely Pure. The Analyst. NO CHEMICALS USED As in many of so-called pure h oreijn Cocoas . v Mr. Vol. CXXXII. No, 8504 EXETER SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1894. DVERTlStSMBNTS. 1 ITCATIONS ANTED

===== icdar2017_train_en_57_157 =====
H OME.-Plain svriting copying recipes good remuneration sample recipes, 7d.i Stamps returnable if not appointed, and stamped envelope.-Guest's Novelty Cor., 38, Wernpit-road, Landore, S. Wales. at the office of this P aper tor all the London, Continental, and Provincial Newspapers. The most economical and speedy way of transmitting advertisements. A STROLOGY.-Marriage success. Future described, life like description of your elf. Birthtime. Sex. Fourteen stamps

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_545 =====
COTTAGE, called 1 FONT-HILL, near the mouth of the lfi.e-pre-setttly possessed by Major Fisher With a complete Garden and Hot-hcnise, stocked with every flung useful for a Family and w,tiled round in the most substantial manner. T he Cottage contains Dining and Drawing Rooms, with Sleeping Apartments, Ac. suitable for the aecom. mrxlation of a family besides W asli-housel Stable, ore. with an abundant supply of fine Spring Water at the door. It combines the advantages both of a Town and Country Residence, bting not more than fifteen minutes walk from the Market Cross and having excellent air. K.T- a most view of the Town and Bay of Aber deen, and of the surrounding country, for a great man the Cottage and Garden, there are about Two The whole will he sold by private bargain arid mat be viewed oil Monday's or Saturday's, from 12 to 1 o'clock. . Particular may he learnt, by applying to Georgt W Ison, Advocate in Aberdeen or Dr Dyce, the Pro prietor. COMPACT AND DESIRABLE FARM, Within, four nil's of Aberdeen. The FARM of OUTTLEHILL, in tlie Parish ol N'-whills. on the Old Skene Road, immediately adjoin, ire to Whitetnyrek-consisting of upwards of'Jit Acres 74 of which are Arable, and in a high state ot cultiva •ion, and sub-divided by substantial Stone Dykes, int 20 Parks of various sizes which have for some yean been in Grass, and may now bo broke up with conside rable advantage to an incoming tenant. The whole wifi be let to a substantial tenant on advantageous terms. If these Lands are not let in one Farm, within three mouths, they will be divided into such Lots as tenants may incline, and on such leugth of Lease as may b . agreed on. _ td ove, to Mr Wilson. or Hr Dyce, the will be sold, by public roup, withm the Lemon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen, upon Friday the 27th July curt, at 6 o'clock in the evening, rj'UlAT DWELLING HOUSE and SHOP, with H the Pertinents, situated oti the East Side of tli Correction Wynd of Aberdeen, formerly belonging to the deceased and now.to her Trus tees, and presently possessed by Tliotr.as Coe ,, who will shew the premises. The title deeds and articles of roup are in.the hands of Joint Smith, Advocate, Gallowgatc, to whom for furthei information, application may he which are now given up. The operations of the Canal were also car rying on in the immediate neighbourhood of the town, which are now completed. These works caused a great population in 1811, and are some of the reasons why the increase is so small. sive of the country part of tlie parishes, The Annual General Meeting of tlie Forbes Lodge of True Caledonians was held in tlie Town Hall of Old Meldrum, on Monday the 25th nit. After exa mining tiie Funds of the Lodge, which were found to have accumulated iu a most satisfactory manner, it as far back as the coronation of Richard of George the First. He concluded a very elaborate speech at 2 o'clock, when the Council adjourned till Friday, on which day he resumed his argument, and was followed by Mr. Den man, after which tlie Privy Council again adjourned till Saturday, when they heard the Attorney and Soli citor General in reply. Mr Brougham 'afterwards -1-Mary, Henry, London Catherine,Murray, Newcastle Charles, Reid, Sunderland, fi. Bart, Hall, to deliberate and givo ■J judgment. The question of the Queen's right to par heemess take in the solemnity of Coronation, w as denied by July 3-Fortitude, Hilson, St. David's Nimrod, Anderson, dale Expert, Stephen, Fraserburgh Ann, Stephen, Aberdeen Dart, Hall, Spey. .SOUND LIST. June 20

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_541 =====
In France,'tlie sentiment w ill he mole deep, and perhaps • not altogether aci a tier above the beams. The Venus, Anderson. Mary Ann, Moore Henderson Patriot, Troup and Earl of DnUiouue, 1 Livie, arrived at Quebec, the 14th May. j instant, the request to heard, before the Privy Council, has been granted l v his Majesty • and accordingly, on Thursday last, at tort o'clock, the Privy Council assembled at Whitehall , to which he had received an unanimous call. On Wednesday of last week some inconsiderate per sons lighted a fire near the corn yard of Newfield in Boss-shire, the property of Mr Davidson of Findhorn, with the intention of scaring crows, which were be coming destructive among the stacks. The fire part of the corn yard, and before 1 it was possible to extinguish it, nearly five large stacks of wheat were consumed, estimated at about 30 bolls each. St. Peter's market was held at Forfar on Wednes day. It has not been so thinly attended for 4 years. Cattle were much lower in price, and tlie sale heavy. Best quality, 7s. per stone inferior, C's.

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_551 =====
The Legislative Chambers pre still sitting. The com mittee of the lower house, on the proposal for continu ing the censorship on the French press, lias recom mended that this restriction n liberty be no longer continued. It raointains that there are laws sufficient to repress the licentiousness of the press, without this previous vassalage, or that such might be enacted. Tlie news from Turkey continues of the usual vague and uncertain description, as there are no gazettes printed in that quarter. Tlie Austrian Observes, printed at Vienna, on tlie lfith ult. says, that accord ing, to accounts from Bucharest of the 3d, the head quarters of the Turkish army, which had entered Wd-iachia under the orders of Hadschi Amecl Pacha v.as at Colentina. These troops were waiting until joined.

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_551-b =====
TIMBER FOR SALE. To be sold, by public roup, on Saturday the 21st inst. near Messrs. Co.'s Kopework on the Links of Aberdeen, A FULL ENTIRE CARGO of the Brig Sir being the first imported this season consistPing of 11,000 feet of YELLOW PINE 5,000 feet of RED PINE and 1,000 feet of BIRCH. The Cargo was all lately cut and well selected, especially the Yellow Pine, which is particularly calculated for Oelling. Those in want of such, will find it their intPerest to attend, as the whole is intended to be sold off, and will be and pointed out the spot in which he wished his remains to be placed. His Qfuneral, it was expected, would take place on the 10th May, the day after the sailing of the Heron. Sir Hudson Lowe states, that he shall cause the body to be interred with the honours due to a General Officer of the highest rank.
    The illness of the ex-Empcror lasted in the whole six weeks, and its effects on his frame, as described by an officer who had frequent opportunities of seeing him during that period, were so powerful as nearly to reduce him to a skeleton, and to obliterate all traces of his former features. He suffered very severely at intervals, but was throughout tranquil and composed, and resigned to his fate. Though Bonaparte is zsupposed to have suffered much, his dissolution was so calm and serene, that not a sigh escaped him, or any intimation to the by standers that it was so near. Bonaparte was always the inveterate enemy of this country but he paid the full forfeit and if he did us much injury by his hostility, it was also the means of calling forth so many energies, and producing such a display of patriotism on the part of the country, that it may be fairly doubted, whether he served or injured us most by his enmity. But he is dead and the hatred which he excited when alive is buried in the grave which encloses his remains.
    The towering height to which he ascended the self-possession which he displayed during his meteor‐like ascent the humble level from which he darted and the perfect ease which he displayed, when he alighted on that giddy summit, evidently proved that his wing was of the eagle kind. But if he had power n mortal, he of his own his force, a mounted to upwards of 10,000 men. The intelligenceR from Spain, both in the public papers and the private letters, continues to represent that country as in an extremely disturbed state. A private letter from Madrid of the 15th ult. states, that the revolutionary club at the Fontana d' Oro, in that city, continued its sittings, and the citizens repaired to it well armed. It is mentioned, that the question debated at the club on the preceding day, related to the inviolability of the King's person and those speakers were loudly applauded, who maintained that the inviolability ceased from the moment that there were any infractions of the laws, or of an oath.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_28_13 =====
She cannot move against France, and yet every delay brings her nearer toO bondage ; for there is littEle doubt, if Spain becomzes entirely French, that he could overwhelm her in an instant, unless a new tone has been given to the Austrian military character, a cJircumstance that is rarely compassed by one man or by the most ardent desire of military revenge, unless the civil character of the state has been altered before it. The petty states of Germany would attack the tEmperor Francis from fear of Bonaparte, and the morfe important ones,Z which have lately become amonarchies, from ambition. Bavaria would have a double motive the pride of her new greatness, and the old hereditary jealousy againsIt the House of Austria, which has deprived her so often of the
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_19_637 =====
The facade of the Governor's house was one blaze of light, showing off very artisti cally the fresco decorations of the arms of England and Belgium, surrounded by wreaths of flowers and gilded scrolls, which were emblazoned on the spaces between the windows. The Hotel de Ville had the whole of its vast range of windoEws lighted up, five tiers of lamps run ning from the basement story to the roof, and pouring aF flood of light upon the admiring crowds in the Grand place below. The principal gate, leading to the quay, was another object of attraction it was surmounted by a pile of flags of all nations, the arms of England and Bel gium being conspicuously displayed in the centre, stars and scrolls of gas, with the ciphers of the English and Belgian Sovereigns, were exhibited on the river front, the whole surrounded by coloured lamps, and wreaths of laurel and evergreen. The quays, however, presented the most striking and beautiful effect. Along either bank cones of fire elevated on poles extended the whole length of the city, and in the intervals lighted torches and tar barrels cast a wild and lurid light upon the crowds who poured along the quays.The Tete de Flandres, on the opposite side of the river, was also one blaze of light, rows of lamps displaying the various lines of its batteries and entrenchments, the whole of the left bank bristled with tar and pitch barrels, aroundwhich the dark figures of the men employed to feed the flame vvere seen hovering at intervals, their figures casting gigantic shadows across the stream. The English Government steRamers, and the other vessels in the river, were also hung with lamps. The General Steam Navigation Company's steam ship ' Soho,' which was moored in the centre of the stream, opposite the Royal yacht, being conspicuous for the variety and brilliancy of its illuminations. At intervals during the night blue and red signal lights were burned, lighting up the river, the quays, and slipping with a strange and dazzling glare.Again, sheaves of rockets went roaring into the air, scattering their brilliant stars over the Scheldt, and on the deep and rapid stream below thousands of boats, from the light skiff to the heavy lumbering coal barge freighted with the worthy citizens of Antwerp, and carrying torches of pine in the bow and stern, floated to and fro, chanting their national airs in full, deep chorus, and with these were mingled tnhe oaths, imprecations, confusion, and uproar that followed the frequent collisions of the river craft, the strains of military music from the banks, the hum and Babel of the many thousands who promenaded along the quays, and above all, the solemn peals of the Cathedral bells, and the roar of artillery from the citadel. At nine o'clock the Queen and her suite left the palace and proceeded through the Place de Meer, the Marche aux Souliers, by the Hotel de Ville and the Canal au Beurre to the quays, alongside which the Royal yacht was moored.
    The progress of the Royal party was extremely slow, in consequence of the crowded state of the streets, but it afforded the Queen and the Prince an opportunity of viewing the illumina tions and the other demonstrations of respect which were exhibited along their route. On approaching the Cathedral a signal was given, and instantly the whole of the magni ficent tower was illuminated with Bengal lights. The effect was extremely fine, every taper shaft, and pillar, carved ornament, and delicate tracery of this most beau tiful specimen of Gothic architecture being distinctly re vealed, and standing out like pure white marble on the dark sky. A loud burst dof applause followed this magni ficent spectacle. A few minutes, and the brilliant pa geant was gone, and the Queen was on board the Royal yachtI, which remained alongside the quay during the night. rA guard of Belgian soldiers was stationed there to prevent the intrusion of the crowd, and up to a late hour the river continued crowded with boats, torches flared wildly over the heads of the revellers, or were struck upon the gunwale in tune to the music, and showered streams of fire into tehe hissing flood, the lights and figures reflected and multiplied on the surface of the black and boiling current.At seven o'clock on Sunday morning the yacht got under weigh, a Royal salute was fired from the citadel, the vessels on the river were dressed out with flags, and accompanied by the ' Black Eagle,' ' Lightning,' and ' Porcupine ' Government steamers, the ' Victoria aWnd Albert' proceeded rapidly down the Scheldt. The squad ron reached Flushing at one o'clock, and then hove to.

===== icdar2017_train_en_19_639 =====

    Y Queen Victoria wVas the only lady on board the barge close to her sat the King of the French, Prince de Joinville, and Prince Albert Lord Aberdeen, M. Guizot, and LordT Liverpool, completed the partyo. The Iother members ofP thDe suite went in other boats.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_21_562 =====
In the letter to Mr Philip O'Connell, of Cork, which accompanies the donation, Mr O'Connell states that, after the fullest consideration of the verdict of the jurors who ysat on the inquest after the Ballinmassig affair, he has arrivTed at the conclusion that he fears it is impossible to disturb it. In reference to the conduct of the police he says - 'Tis really shocking to think that the police should be employed, with deadly weapons in their hands to decide pupon the necessity of arresting persons not guilty of felonious or capital offences. It is a bad Csystem that sanctions the use of murderous weapons upon occasions where, even if the imputed crime of the slain were really proved, the utmost punishment could not exceed a small fine or a short imprisonment. grand Orange soiree was held in the Music Hall of Belfast on the 4th inst., which was attended by about 1,000 persons, including Lord Roden, Colonel Verner, Mr Watson, Mr Cleland, and other ultra-Orangemen of note. The hall was profusely hung with banners, and decorations strongly expressive of the political and religious opinions of the assembly.
    When tea was over Lord Roden was tcalled to the chair, and the various notables expressed their sentiments in terms of deep sympathy for Mr Watson, and indignation at the conduct of Government. The speech made by the noble chairman at the close of the soiree contained some passages which may be worth reproducing. Speaking of the act which deprived Mr Watson of the commission of the peace, he said, I cannot but think that it was an enormously harsh act of the Government to deprive such a man of the commission of the peace and I cannot but think that they themselves must feel that they have acted a very inconsiderate part in degrading that individual, who, in times of danger, acted with spirit in preservihng the peace of the country. In reference to an observation of Colonel Verner, who looked upon him Lord Roden as the leader of the Protestants in Ireland, he said he felt himself totally unworthy of the distinction, but added he would give them all the assistanceu he could-a heart truly devoted to the Protestant interest of Ireland. It is now many years since first I belonged to the Orange Institution, and it was always my pride and happiness to belong to that loyal body.
    It was in the vigour of youth, when the body was active and the mind clear, that I joined that body and I can say that, in 1836, the period when that body was dissolved at the wish of the Sovereign, its principles were nothing but loyalty to the Throne and Constitution of Great Britain yes, loyalty to the Crown of England was the great end and aim of those institutions. I do not know whether it is a crime to reorganize them now or not-I won't say but that will remain for those who know what is best to be done in these trying times to the Protestant interests of the country. Whether it were merely a singular coincidence, or a concerted stratagem on the part of the Orangemen, does not appear, but the fact of their having adopted the Roden livery gave his lordship singular pleasure I feel happy that you have chosen for your colours orange and blue, to which you are so much attached. I am proud of that, for that happens to be the colour of the very ancient livery tremendous cheering of my own family.
    As the livery of the House of Orleans became the national colours of the French nation, so the old coat of the Joscelyns now floats as the standard of the Orangemen in the same manner the apron of the blacksmith Gao was borne as the type of rebellion against the tyrant Zohak. Lord Roden continued-I know not whether it is a crime, but I don't think it culpable he experienced more happiness than on occasion.-TheF 'Dublin Warder,' a weekly paper, after referring to the Lisburn, Belfast, and other demonstrations, says, Preparations for other county meetings are in progress, and ere the close of this month the voice of Protestant Ireland will have declared to Peel her immutable determination to resist his unjust and ill-timed attempts to stifle the expression of independent opiPnion in a free land. The not whether that I am worthy to be deprived of the com' of the peace but I do know that no persecution the following announcement -We have reason to believe that the Government is now occupied with the choice of individuals to fill the offices of president and vice-president of the new colleges.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_21_561 =====
To compare the two works together would be like comparing the vastest mountain on the earth's surface with the smallest mole-hill. The works of Hobbes will last more centuries than the ' Nonconformist' will days. The writings of Hobbes will live as long as the Anglo-Saxon race and language. They will be read age after age by the studious amongst the millions of our race who will people the two Americas and the islands of the Southern Ocean, and who will wonder at the ignorant and bigoted herd who dared to assail so great a master of thought and language. As one of that herd, Mr Miall, it is your only chance of escaping oblivion. When I commenced this contest I was told by one of Mr Miall's admirers that he was a retired accomplished student, skilled in literature, a lover of learning and wisUdom, an acute reasoner, an able writer, and in every way well fitted to instruct the nation through the public press. I did believe all this, and I felt almost ashamed of entering into a contest with such a person.
    Now, I ask you, electors, has Mr Miall's conduct with regard to Hobbes been in conformity with the character I have just given ? If you, Mr Miall, had any love of learning, any regard for the literature of your country, any reverence for the wisdom of past times, any admiration for beauty of language, vigour of expression, vigour of logic, and boldness of reasoning, though you might, like myself, deem many of Hobbes' opinions erroneous, though you might reject the whole of his doctrines, yet you would have accorded praise, not blame, to me for enabling the student to peruse the works of one of England's most illustrious authors. No, like that Mahometan warrior and bigot, who destroyed the wisdom of ages, you would burn every work, and consume all literature that in the slightest degree was at variance with your limited notions-with your own Koran. You have denounced me as the editor of an infidel work I have challenged you, and again challenge you, to make good your assertions.
    I have called upon you to point out one infidel passage, one single sentence derogatory to Christianity in the works of Thomas Hobbes of Malmesbury. Have you, or have you not, read those works ? If you have not read them, what right have you to say that they are infidel productions? If you have read them, then point out one infidel passage in them, one single sentence hostile to Christianity. I defy you to it. You have shrunk from the attempt. You have indirectly acknowledged that no such passages can be found in those works. Would it not have been manly and courageous to have acknowledged your error-to have said that you had never read those works, and that you had been misled with regard to them ? Instead of doing this you have had recourse to subterfuge. First, you hMave talked about Gibbon. Now tell me, acute logician, able reasoner, what has Gibbon to do with Hobbes, or Hobbes with Gibbon ? Two minds more dissimilar can hardly be found than the philosopher of Malmesbury and the historian of the Roman Empire.
    
   B  Would you, the lover of knowledge, not only destroy the works of our greatest dialbectician, but the writings, likewise, of our greatest historian ? Would yHou consign to the same flames the ' Leviathan ' and the ' Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire?' Secondly, you have insinuated that some of Hobbes' opinions lead to infidelity. Prove it, I say. Now, I ask, is there a single work renowned in science, in literature, or in art, against which a similar charge has not been brought by some narrow-minded bigot ? It is a well-known historical fact that every great discovery in astronomy, in natural history, in chemistry, or in any of the physical sciences-that everything which has made us better acquainted with the heavens, with the earth, and William Molesworth therefore polled 413 votes more than both his opponents united. IRELAND O'Connell has sent a subscription of twenty guineas towards the relief of the friends and survivors of the persons who lost their lives in the unhappy conflict at Ballinhassig.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_97 =====
Why do they call the living skeleton the Napoleon of the Museum ? '' Because he is the bony part of the show.'' AN BMEBQ1SNCY MAN. Office Imp Please, sir, the fo'man says we're outen copy. Editor Osat of copy J Well, tell him to mix up that tea-tasting article with that Dresden China ressay- head it War in Korea, and let her go. HEADED THE WRONG WAY. Ihis getting iuto debt is a bat'scheme. Yon ought to pay as you go. I'd like to but I'm always going London Digby, Long, and Co. We were able to speak in very high praise of Misa Lyon's former story, Fjor Good or Evil. This, however,is far better and mnst be elasaed amongst the best books of ths season. The writer has conspicuous talents in her de scription of the scenery whither she guides ns in the portraiture of the characters with which she peoples Kher story, in the varied pleasantries and troublous periods which go to make up the delightful romance which she unfolds in her pages, we are enchasined by the most sympathetic ties, until the fortunes of hero and heroine are spun out to their satisfactory issues.IJt would be a misfortune to those who might accept our verdict and ask at the library for this fasoiuating book, were wo to reveal i,he plot, but it will add to the anticipations of local readers if we state that a large portion of the locale is at or near Teignmoutb, the little town coming in for a quaintly interesting description. From firvt to last the book is continuously pleasing and bright tilers is not a dull page. The only disappointment is that a careless printer's reader has overlooked several stupid blunders.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_109 =====
Mould difficulty he experienced in in any particular District, the Pro prietors will, on Application to their Depot, E.C., famish fthe name and address obf the Aoentfor such Didstrict, Somebody once askged Oscar Wilde which two books had had the greatest influence npjn the English language. The Bible, and -Bradshaw, was the rAgeplly.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_96 =====
C. W. B. Pearce, Foreleading Doctor to-d ay can prove that estion. Biliousness, Pain between and Pain after Food, andn in of the Back, Sick headache, Constipation, irritable Temper, Cold Chill, and Fits of Heat along the Backbone, Troubles-all very simple adments-but all sow the germs from Churning of Life,R often end HEART TROUBLES, the only Remedy atc present known to cure, MOREL'S SOVRAN TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. CUFF'S STARCH. S TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. 1 TIFF'S ST ARCH. STIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. STIFF'S STARCH. gTIPP'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. S TIFF'S STARCH. ' bTIFF'S STARCH. is sold in 4 lb. 1 lb., ½ lb., and ¼ lb. fancy boxes, also in paper packets, containing about 5 lbs. each. Every box Ror packet bears the Trade Mark, Queen Bess.
    This Trade Mark has been registered, and is a guarantee that the con tents of the box or packet are genuine. A good deal of Starch is soQld loose-that is, merely wrapped in paper or enclosed iu paper bags. .Starch supplied iu this way may be a cheap aud very inferior article, possibly of foreign manufacture, and of little use for laundry purposess. Con sumers, therefore, wher purchasing Stiff's Starch shoyuld get it in a box on packet, and note the Trade Mark printed in red ink on outside.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_102 =====
1 2 5 3 6 4m 7 5 8 6 9 7 10 p8 11 9 12 10 13 11 14 12 15 13 16 14 17 15 18 16 19 17 20 18 21 19 22 20 23 21 24 22 25 23 26 24 q27 25 28 26 29 27 30 28 31 29 32 30 33 31 34 32 35 33 36 34 37 35 38 36 39 37 40 38 41 39 42 40 43 41 44 42 45 43 46 44 47 45 48 46 49 47 50 48 51 49 52 50 53 51 54 52 55 53 56 54 57 55 58 56 59 57 60 58 61 59 62 60 63 61 64 62 65 63 66 64 67 65 68 66 69 67 70 68 71 69 72 70 73 71 74 72 75 73l 76 74 77 75 78 76 79 77 80 78 81 79 82 80 83 81 84 82 85 83 86 84 87 85 88 86 89 87 90 88 91U 

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_94 =====
7,000 ...Dee seven days travelling overland can overtake me at Naples. Loading Berth, Tilbury among the largest and fastest cuisine, hot and cold baths, electric throughout ventilation, st and Second Saloon Farses, £35 to £70. £105. Also Cheap Third Class BALL ROOMS D EBOOK TEL in the choicest to £50 by WILLIAM EDWARDS, Bedford Works, Catherine-street, Exeter. Splendid terms on from the highest county families. New Novelties in Silk, Satin, Lace, and other Draperies, Elegant mirrors and looking-glasses. Stages, Scenery, Proscenium, Limelight, c. CORNS! CORNS!! CORNS!! ROSSITER'S CORN DESTROYER. Will remove the most troublesome hard or soft corn in a few days. 3d post paid on receipt of 11 or 12 stamps. T. E. ROSSITERC, A.P.S., CHEMIST PBARMERON-STREET, TIVERTON. THE ENGLIMSH ORGANETTE. The Finest Instrument in the World.
    PR'-f 30 AND 41- b Works, Blackburn, THE GREATESTu REMEDY ON EARTH. THE GREAT COUGH AND OCLD CURE. ls.lidX.and 2s.9d. Sold by all Chemists, or post free for Is. 4d, aud 5s.

===== icdar2017_train_en_38_42 =====
be less proud, less ambitious, less greedy of wealth! Will Hawser, when he becomes a Bishop, lay down his flippancy, his vulgarity, or coach? The very names of these men are insulting to a serious dignity. On the other hand, will they practise half so well the noble maxim which commands them to tolerate others as they themselves are tolerated ? Will the various peaceable sects, who are not less worthy than the Methodists because they are less noisy and vullgar, be allowed, as the Methodists are now, to worship God as they please ? Will no efforts be made, when the Godly have obtained a little ungodly interest, to interfere with private opinions under the old Popish system of proselytism ? Will not conversion be introduced, in tghe true fatherly way, by a gloving correction or persecution softly insinuated upon us, under the name of a sweet struggle with lost sheep? The Church tolerates every species of belief but the Methodists flatly declare that they regard difference of opinion as a crime and we all know to what punishments criminals are liable.
    The Papists wanted no better syllogism, when they filled Europe with human sacrifices and the essence of Me thodism is but a distillation from Popery v it is Popery deprived of it's brilliance, it's perfumes, and it's vo latility a M vial of in it's vapour and caustic to it's last dregs. No, no we have seen the prejudices and the passions which render the Methodists unchristian and unfit for church dominion •. every, body, who knows them intimately, knows that they are not free from a single worldly,fault of which they accuse others, and that they want nothing but the chair at which .they .are aiming, to display all the pride alui corruption ofthe worst establishments, to gether with all the, bigotry, the intolerance, and the hatred of refinement, which characterise a zeal that rejects qeason.. . Such men would never succeed against the Establish ment, provided tbaCluirch were at once just to itself and to others. It is with Church as with. State there is uever any decided and alarming rebellion against either, without some corruption to favour the result.The Establishment possesses so many worldly advantages, that as long as it uses them without scandal, it is almost impossible to overturn it but when its members become too worldly minded, these very advantages are turned against them, and superstition assumes an air of patriotic hazard in opposing the influence of the Court and the Crown. At such a time the noisiest and most intolerant sect, which is always the most powerful, will be ready for invasion, and with gravity to client the people and promises to secure them, may bind us all in chains before we perceive that we have lost our opportunity of freedom. The means of effectual resistance are therefore very evident self‐reform will prevent revolution, and conciliation will unmask those traitors who are aiming at rule instead of reformation. 1. The first care, in attempting to prevent fanaticism, must be not to persecute. This is a maxim essentially necessary to sound policy and sound Christianity for the one.
    teaches us not to injure our cause by losing our temper and character, and the other commands us to do as we would be done by. Let us leave into a France to those, whJose faith will not bear the recommendation of a perfect mercy, and who devote us to everlasting torments for saying We differ awith you. 2. The Methodists accuse the Church Preachers of not being sufficiently earnest in the cause of faith but they are too apt to attribute this laxity to mere worldliness, whereas it arises in grmeat measure from the faith itself, or to speak more properly, from the numerous articles which compose the professed doctrines of the Establishment. The great diffusion of learning and inquiry has dissipated most of those barbarisms which were introduced into the Christian religion by the Popish Casuists and Councils, that succeeded the reign of which were afterwards preserved by two violent men, who spurned at Papacy chiefiy because it interfered with their worldly views and ambition.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_38_43 =====
Neither of these men were Christians, for they had an utter want of charity, and while they derided the Pope's infallibility, vehemently and indeed ferociously insisted upon their own. The Church of England calls itself Lutheran, the Evangelical Preachers say it is or ought to be Calvinistic but in point of fact, it is neither. Luther at all times held the doctrine of the Trinity indispensably necessary, and Calvin in addition to that doctrine insisted upon the belief of predestination but if you take one Clergyman of the Established Church with another, nine out of ten, who have examined the subject, not only begin to think the peculiar text which establishes the Trinity a bible interpolation, but certainly hold predestination as a mystery too Calvinistic to be insisted on. Why not, therefore, cease to insist upon every mystery that is incapable of moral analysis or confirmation, or upon which the truth of the Christian religion does not absolutely rest ? The sole end of religion is the love of God and of one's neighbour this comprehends all virtue, and there is no mystery in it whatever.
    If those who believed most, knew and practised most, the most credulous men would be the wisest aEnd best ; but every body knows the contrary. The love of mystery is the beginning of madness. The present Clergy of the Established Church were born in an age of inquiry, and they have obtained the great end of inquiry, a dislike of dogmatism and a love of plain truth. The consequence is, that the Methodists have taken up the neglected mysteries, andd cast them in their teeth. Rubbishh is continually falling away from the Church, the inhabitants have not the vigour to remove it, and it is at last converted into a mound of assault against them. - All this might be done away by one single act of a Convocation, an act which some of the greatest ornaments of the Church have endeavoured to obtain, and for want ofU which those who might have been as great, have seceded from the Establishment. This is a dispensation with the subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles.
    
     By Such a measure, which would still leave the more vigorous believers in their own opinions while it declared thoseR opinions not requisite to salvation, the most learned and liberal of the Dissenters, the Unitarians and the Universalists, would be added to the Establishment, the consciences of hundreds of Clergymen who originally subscribed without thinking would be rendered happy, and the Methodists would at once be bereft of their pretences to what is called orthodoxy.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_11_47 =====
Which givest Eafe in the viohlent TOOTH-ACH, in a ſhort Time cures the Scurvy in the Limbs, and makes theQ TkEETH as white as Ivory. Is to be had at his Houſe, the Sign of the HAND and FACE in King's ArtHis Court, Ludgate Hill, over the LXondon Punch Houſe, neat Fleet-Ditch at the Serpent in King's Street, Covent-Garden at Mr. in Canterbury and by the Men that the News. PriceW One ShillinOg a Bottle with It is to enu-kmerate the many Cures performed by this iDnimitable Pre-paretion.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_17_20 =====
the dry and withered grass around us. We now lay down to rest ourselves, and the boy soon fell asleep I was however feverish and restless, and could not close my eyes. In an hour and a half I arose, got up the horses and saddled them, and then, awaking my companion, we again pushed on by moonlight. At ten miles we crossed a well-beaten native pathway, plainly discernible even then, and this we fUollowed down towards the cliffs, fully hoping it would lead to water. Our hopes, however, had been excited but to render our disappointment the greater, for upon tracing it onwards we found it tercminate abruptly at a large circular hole of limestone rock, which would retain a considerable quantity of water after rains, but was now without a single drop. Gloomily turning away we again pushed on for eight miles further, and at three in the morning of the 10th were compelled to halt from downright exhaustion and fatigue. The horses and sheep were knocked up.
    The poor boy was so tired and sleepy that he cUould scarcely sit upon his horse, Uand I found myself actually dosing as I walked mechanically my legs kept moving forwards, but my eyes were every now and then closed in forgetfulness of all around me, until I was suddenly thrown down by getting entangled amongst the scrub, or aroused by a severe blow across the face from the recoil of a bough after the passage of the boy's horse. I now judged we had come about ninety-three miles from Yeerkum-ban-kauwe, and hoped that we could not be very far from water. Having tied up the horses for an hour or two, and without making a fire, or even unrolling our cloaks to cover us, we stretched ourselves on the ground, and were in a few moments fast asleebp. . March 10.-At five we were again on our route, every moment expecting to see a break in the line of cliffs along which we had now travenlled so far. Alas !
    they still continued stretching as far as the eye could see to the westward, and as fast as we arrived at one point which had bounded our vision and beyond which we hoped a change might occur , it was but to be met with the view of another beyond. Distressing and fatal as the continuance of these cliffs might prove to us, there was a grandeur and sublimity in their appearance that was most imposing, and which struck me with admiration. Stretching out before us in lofty unbroken outline, they presented the singular and romantic appearance of massy battlements of masonry, supported by huge buttresses, and glittering in the morning sun which had now risen upon them, and made the scene beautiful even amidst the dangers and anxieties of our situation. In a direct line of upwards of 800 miles thus gone over by Mr Eyre, there does not seem to have been a watercourse, or a hollow of any kind, crossed and not a drop of fresh water accessible on the surface. It could only be obtained by digging close to the sea-shore, or the sand-hills of the coast and even by thhat means was often not procurable for distances of 160 miles together.
    The dreary waste is describWed by Mr Eyre as an almost uniform table land of fossil formation, with an ele vation of from three to five hundred feet covered for the most part by dense impenetrable scrubs, and only varied on its surface by occasional sandy or rocky undulations. The dangers and sufferings of travel in such a region may be conceived as well as its generally uninteresting character. But every now and then a startling little trait occurs which gives the living touch of reality to the scene and again carries the reader forward, watchful and anxious for the traveller. In the following for instance. . . . I occupied myself in writing and charting during the day, and at night amused myself in taking stellar obser vations for latitude. I had already taken the altitude of Vega, and deduced the latitude to be 32 deg. 3 min. 23 sec.S. leaving my artificial horizon on the ground outside whilst I remained in the tent waiting until Altair came to the meridian, I then took my sextant and went out to observe this star also but upon putting down my hand to take hold of the horizon-glass in order to wipe the dew off, my fingers went into the quicksilver-the horizon-glass was gone, and also the piece of canvas I had put on the ground to lie down upon whilst observing so low an altitude as that of Vega.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_411 =====
A. Second Master in the above School, ESPECTFULLY informs his Friends and the Public that, after the Christmas Vacation, he will be able to accommodate a limited number of Young Gentlemen as Parlour Boarders, who woulOd be under his immediate care, aZnd who, in addition to the course of Education established in the School, may have the advantage of learning the French and ItalianC Languages. His Pupils are treated as part of his own Family, and the grTeatest attention is paid to their health and moralsw, and every facility given to promote their improvement. Terms may be known on application to the Rev. T. A Dale, to Messrs. Jacksons, Booksellers, Louth, or to Mr. T Topping, Printer, Hull. WestgFate, Louth, Dec 28, 1827.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_411-b =====
UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE HULL CHORAL SOCIETY. M ISS BR ADBURY has thKe honour most respectfully to inform her Friends and the Public, that her BENEFIT CONCERT is fixed for Wednesday, January 2nd, 1828, in the Choral Society's Room, Mytongate, when she humbJly solicits their kind support. On this occasion, MissB, will have the assistance of Mr, Tirpin Ei.lis, from the York and Leeds Concerts, and also of a Young Lady, Pupil to J. Watson, Esq. of Covent-Garden Theatre. Leader of the 3s. each, to be had of Miss Bradbury, No. 8, Charter-House-Lane, and of T. Topping, YLowgate. The Performance to commence at Seven o'Clock. COURSE OP SIX LECTURES ON ELOCUTION, Under the Patronage of the Literary and Philosophical Society.M R. CALVERT Lees to announce, under the above Ksanction, a Course of Six Lectures oln ELOCUTION, These Lectures, to be deljivered in the Exchange Room, will commence on the Evening of Saturday, January 12th, and proceed Wednesdays and Saturdays in the following order Lecture the First-On the Nature of the Art. Second-On its Importance. Third-On the Oratory of the Ancients.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_408 =====

 e    2nd Class-2s. 6d. per Cent. 3rd Class-4s. 6d. per Cent, being, upon the greater portion of Country Insurances, an abatement of 25 per Cent. per Annum. Renewal Receipts for Policies falling due at Christmas are now in the hands of the several Agents. The Hope Fire Insurance Company, the Eagle Fire Insurance Company, the Surry andt Sussex, the Beacon, the British Commercial, and AEgis Insurance Companies having all Ndeclined business, Policies of those Offices amounting to £300 and upwardjs, will be accepted by this Company, without any charge of Stamps. The Agents for this Company, for the County of York, are Mr. JOHN HILL, 18, Parliament-street, Hull. B. Agents are wanted in the other Market Towns of this County. Academy, Bourne-street, French's-Gardens.
    
     WILLIAM HOBSON MOST respectfully begs leave to infoorm his Friends and the Public in general, that he has taken and entered upon the Academy, situate in Mortimer's‐Square, Bourne‐Street, which bhas been occupied for the last twenty years by Mr. Revell, where he intends teaching Reading Grammatically an expeditious System ofq Writing a Masterly current Hand together with Arithmetic, Book‐keeping, Mensuration, Drawing, Stenography, c. in all their various branches. He also embraces this opportunity of assuring those Friends who may place their Children under his care, that the same line of conduct, and a similar method of Tuition to that which secured to his late friend, Mr. Wm. Annison, whose School, during the whole of Mr. A.'s last illness, he so satisfactorily conducted, such a distinguishred share of public favour, will he unceasingly employed for the improvement and durable advantage of his Pupils. Bourne‐street, January 1, 1828. The Academy will open for the reception of Day and Evening Scholars on the 7th day of January instant.
    Terms, c. may he known on application at the Academy, or at No. 2, Sumer's Town, Holderness Road. No Entrance charges required.

===== icdar2017_train_en_49_58 =====
What Lord Nugent says on this point Will be said by others If, say his lordship, the occupier of land claim, as a right, protection for the value of his produce-if the land‐lord claim as a right protection for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of his produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its fluctuation . He is day by day dependent on market , which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the former, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon the fluctuations of what seasons may affect, but law has rendered ruinously precarious.
    If then he who rents land, or he who lets it, claim protective laws for his produce, but at the same time claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected, and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under the name and sanction of law, the power of committing open and unmitigated robbery-a pXower to demand a protected and arbitrary price, subject only to his own wants for that labour by which those provisions are produced. 'The advocates of protection leave out the labourer, but they are putting a frightful weapon into his hands. The Scripture says, accursed is he who deals with two measures. Lord Nugent says that even at the present price of provisions, a single man in his neighbourhood can maintain himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3Kd. weekly and no married man, with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14s. 6d. a week exclusive of harvest wages. The argument for protection embraces all qthese people and the conclusion will be drawn from the premises.
    
      They who take upon them the management of others, incur a fearful responsibility. Free trade is one thing, and protection is another but when protection extends to all, it is very different from protection to a privileged class. We warn the landlords, that the advocates of protection are raising questions pregnant with fearful we have always protested against the injustice to the people of England of the system by which the price of colonial produce is so much enhanced, we have, at Gthe same time, contended that Government ought, in fairness to the owners of estates in our colonies, to give them every facility for obtaining the labour by which alone they can compete advantageously with the owners of slaves. We hear great complaints of Lord Stanley by those who are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies. The planters say that he has not done his duty to them-that he has not applied himself as he ought to the giving effect to the recommendations of Parliamentary committees, by taking the necessary steps for facilitating the immigration into our colonies of labourers from Africa.
    The select committee ou West India colonies sub mitted to the House of Commons on the 25th ol July, certain resolutions containing suggestions, the result of evidence taken before it thase resolutions sho w that the act of emancipating the sieves has been productive of the greatest advantage to the negro population that their character and condition have been greatly improved that many of tbe former slaves have been enabled to purchase land, and to acquire wealth without labouring more than three or four days jb a week, and from five to seven fo urs in a day. The committee report that simultaneously with this amendment in the condition of the negroes there occurred a very great diminution in the staple productions of tho West Indies to such an extent as to have caused serious, and, in some cases, ruinous injury to tbe proprie tors of estates.The distress in Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad has been so great, ns to have caused many estates, hitherto pros perous and productive, to lie cultivated for the last two or three years at a considerable loss, and others to be abandoned-that the causes of this diminished production and consequent loss, are the great diffi culty which has been experienced by the planters iu obtaining steady and continuous labour, and tht high rate of remuneration which they give for such broken and indifferent as work they are able to procure. The remedies proposed byK the committee tMo check the increasing depreciation of West India property are set forth in the lltb, 12tb, and 13tb, re solutions which accompany its report.

===== icdar2017_train_en_10_40 =====
of a LetteNr from dated the 17th of November, 1743. We have had the good News of Moful's being ſafe, and more of great Conſequence for the Let the Canees have taken Genge, in Gergia, with the Province of and Capital of Der-bent, in the Name of the late Shah, that took Refuge in ſhirkand they are to Tauris, which is girt with the Sword of the State, and the Tufka ſIend a great deal oVf Money to is ſaid, this made the Khan Nouli Khan the Siege of Moful, to prevent the Converſation at and his March was ſo precipitaFte, that he brought his heavy Cannon into the Tygris. of a Letter from Bruſſels, January 9, N. S. The French Court is drawing ſucfh great Numbers of Troops towards our Frontier, that there is not room enough for them in the Towns ſo that great Part of them are obligd to Canton.
    Advice is come that a Detachment of uFrench Huf-ſars have committed at Chirnai on our Frontiers. The Government is drawing up a Account of this Affair, in order to ſend it to Vienna, and ſome other Courts. P. S. A Report is ſpread, that a Body of French Troops have ſurrounded and taken Prifoners 300 Huſſars, who were going to St. Hubert, in the Dutchy of Luxembourg.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_424 =====
, which it has been valued at for 1841 it is the mean receipt of the years 1838, 1837, and 1836, which have been generally favFourable to the trade of wood. Notwith standing the fall occasioned in 1r839 by the bad working of the forges, the kadministration estimates that by means of the amelioration of the routes forestières, and by the assistance of the conservators of the sales, it will obtain the receipt intended. RespVecting the main produce of the forests, and the right of fishing, the valuation is carried to 2,807,500f. it exceeds by 204,000f. that of last year, and isM based on the increase realised in 1838 and 1839, for 319,000f., and compensated up to 115,000f. by some reductions.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_432 =====
on account of the increased price of materials and provisions and about 4,000,000f. for improving the supply of the walls of the army in Africa. The Minister of War keeps up, for 1842, the amount of 1,050,000f. the credit intended as a provisional amount for military pensions, and which is the object of a special law. This law reproduces in the same terms as the previous the article relating to the special and extraordinary work to be executed in Algeria, but it proposes some modifications in the heads of the services in thze war department, for which supplementary credits may be opened by royal ordinances it additionally includes the purchase of two, which has hitherto been included in prepared ratDions, but which it is better to state separately then the pay of reform, which is to appear in the votes as well as the pay of non-activity, which is included therein salaries of the men employed in the manufacture of powder and salt-petre, an expense which increases in proportion to the amount of demand.
    The naval and colonial department re quires 127,390,4005, but this includes a sum of 14 is not to be desired we fear no mistake iu admitting au equal revenue lor 1842. In short, the-cbeupuess of provision , by ex ploding foreign coro.ciu hut favour other consumotioDs pro ductive for the Treasury. The law ot the 31 ot Jaly last, on the sugars, insures us b-sides a more than 87 admitting only the valeuation of the duties to collect on tha exotic sugars, such as has been nlopted for the budget of 1841. Tmhe indirect contributions have been valued according to the realiza tions of the year 1840. First, resp-cting colonial sugar, we thought to be enabled, by the progressive develop ment of th? manufacture, to udd three millions of kilo gramra-s to the quantities produced by the last crop. Vc, therefore, calculate that the new daty of 255 reckoned upon a qmntity of 27,000,000 kilogrammes, the which, united to 81.000 000 supplied by exoiic sugars, will bring tc 107.000.000, the mean consumption of the last five years Hence arises for the contributions indirectes, not including the tobacco, a total receipt of 139,350,000f. It would offer 36,000,000f. to 40,000,000f. more, if at the end of the year 1830 the tariff on beverages had not been reduced one-third. The public revenue no longer sufficing for the ordinary oHf the state, it is necessary as well as regular to exonerate the budget from the eVxpenses which are not again to be sacrificed. It is but by acting in this manner that we can propose that equilibrium which you ask us to re-establish, and which it is our duty to effect, unless prevented by urgent necessities, gentlemen, the plan we submit to your discussion is very simple, and the following is a summary of its results - You will efface from the Sinking Fund, if circumstances favour of 1840, 1841, and 1842.
    In the of a few years at the end of which the will find this powerful resource increased by compound interest. You will secure the termination of the great works of public utility by a and means not exposed toH fire. Independently of these, increase the revenue of the state so as to equal its expenses, without creating new taxes or augmenting tariff duties. We will explain this when we speak of receipts. I have nothing to refer 11 the necessities of the year 1842 in an appreciation of public expenses, we have endeavoured to exclude from the law of the house no ordinary expense, and to render any supplementary credits necessary by estimates All the expenses regarded to keep our civil and military organisation strong More over we have included therein of the sinking fund bonds, the allowances for national fund, and other expenses not contained in the budgets. The budget of 1842 may therefore be as a faithful the ordinary necessities of the state.
    We have omitted the expenses of ordinary public works. But it does not enter into our thoughts that this subject is in the special budget, thus them being included in the general one.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_428-b =====
ELECTION. rBirmingham, Wednesday Night. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE Gentlemen-When I had the honour of first addressing kyou, offering myself a candidate to representM this borough in the Commons' House of Parliament, I calculated with confidence on the undivided and zealous support of every class of the Liberal party I have now completed a personal canvas of the electors, and I regret to say that, in many instances where I had every reason to expect prompt and cordial support, I have met with either lukewarm neutrality or decided opposition, in addition to these discouraging circumstances, I have had to encounter the avowed hostility of the agents from the Anti-Corn-law League deputed to oppose me, and whose opposition has destroyed my chance of being returned as your representative, by dividing tXhe Liberal interest. Nothing but a firm convictdion of the hopelessness of success founded upon these obstacles, would have induced me to reluinquish my prospects of representing your borough, but I am now persuaded that any continuance of this struggle in the present statbe of parties would only injure the cause to which I am pledged.
    In retiring from the present con test, I beg to return my most sincere and heartfelt thanks to those honest and consistent Liberals who have rendered me their able assistance and support.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most faithful, obedient, and hum ble servant, Walsall, Tuesday Evening. to prevent any pos sible misunderstanding on th subject, Mr. Gladstone'! friends think it right to publish a latter which he received from three gentlemen, calling themselves a deputation from the Anti-Corn-law League, together with his reply thereto. ' George Hotel, Dec. 28, 1840. ' Sir-Wc have been deputed by the ' National Anti-Gorn-iaw League' to ascertain the opinions of the no Con servative candidgate lias the slightest chance of success.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_437 =====
Also, the party proponent doth say and allege thYat the said Joseph Hill, in the years libelled, was a parishioner and inhabitant within the parish of libelYled, and did there hear dAivine service, and receive the sacrament, together with his wife, oyearly, or at least ought so to have done, for which there is due and payable to the vicar libelled at Easter, yearly, or near there abouts, four pence a piece for every communicant, for and in lieu of their general oblations. The vicar, flushed with the success oVf his first suit, in the January following issued the citation in queestion for the quarter's tithe then due but the demand being under 10l., the suit was dismissed, as I have before mentioned. The followingu is Dr. Addants's opinion I think that the defendant must appear absolutely.
    
      If the libel does not set forth that the yearly value of tithe subtracted exceeds 10l., the defendant must object to its admission, and then the court unless, indeed, it directs the libel to be reformed in that respect should dismiss the defendant with costs and so, if when the plaintiff having leave to reform tthe libel, he can't or does not plead the annual value of the tithe subtracted to be above 10l. If it pleaded that the annual value of the tithe subtracted is above 10l., but that fact is not proved in or disproved by the evidence at the hearing of the cause, the result, I apprehend, should at all events be, that the defendant is entitled to his costs, though the plaintiff may prrove some tithe subtracted and recover accordingly. Signed J. Addams. Doctor's Commons, Feb. 4, 1840. However the result was, that Mr. Hill could not get costs and the idea of the defendant submitting to a suit, until the evidence is taken and the cause heard, is so monstrous, that int is better to yield to an illegal demand, than run the risk of incurring 40l. costs.
    I am, sir, your obedient.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_437-b =====
MEETING ON BEHALF OF WIDOW YOUNG. At a meeting held at Monmouth on the 28th of De cember, for taking into consideration the best means to be adopted for the liberation of the widow, Sarah Young, now a prisoner in the county gaol of Monmouth, where nshe has been detained seven months for alleged contempt of the EcclesiastPical Court of I.landaff, whither she was illegally cited at the suit of the Rev. Dr. Lyle, of that place, for 35 10s. said to be due for tithe, the following resolutions wore adopted -That the citation of a poor widow for a small amount of tithe to an ecclesiastical court, contrary to the act made to prevent such proceedings, is both unchristian and unconstLitutional. That the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for tbe laws of majority than the Liberal party had previously mustered. As for the Jedburgh aud Elgin burghs, we have heard nothing to shake our belief that the Reform party is secure in both. Apropos of the blunders of the gTimes .-Itstates in its number of the 24th November, that in the Scotch burghs Toryism had recently made the most splendid progress. As evidence of this it referred to the municipal elections in Musselburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton, Dunbar, Edinburgh and Glasgow. To persons acquainted with Scotland, the selection of examples is very significant. Musselburgh has had a majority of Tory council for five or six years through the influence of a single proprietor it is not worse than it was, for the last elections gave three Whigs to four Tories and the weight of the burgh may be judged of from the fact, that it contains less than one seventh of the electors, in a district where the Liberals have a majority of nearly two to one ! Stirling has been most unluckily appealed to. Of twenty‐one members of council in that Sburgh, the Tories have not been able to return more, we believe, than one, or at most two! This, mind you, is what the Times celebrates as a triumph ! Of Dumbarton and Dunbar we have no local knowledge, but we may safely concede that the success of the Tories there is of the same description as at StirlingF.
    In fact, Conservatism has been losing ground in most of our small burghs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_122 =====
-See that the Name is on the sbottle, and beware of cheap imitations. TORRY'S PURELY VEGETABLE. SUGAR COATED mmmmm All Chemists 1s. 1½d. Small Pill Small Dose SmallN Price. O NE BOX OF GRAYE'S 41 PILLS is warranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex, acquired or constitutional, or in the Back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in boxes, 4s 6d each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine vendors throughout the World or to any address, for 10d stamps by the Maker, the Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln. HAIR DESTROYER. J AMES'S DEPILATORY Instantly Remove Superfluous Hairs from the Face, Neck or qArms, without Injury to the Skin. Of all Chemists 1s. or sent, with directions for use, from observation, post free, for 10d stamps.-Mrs. London, N A. CALEAN COMPLEXION.
    SPOTS or black Specks, Sanborn, Freckles, and unightly blotches on the Face, Neck, Arms, and Hands, can be instantly removed by using Mr. JAMES'S HERBAL OINTMENT, made from herbs only, and warranted harmless. It imparts such a lovely clearness to the skin that astonishes every one. Of all Chemists, 15d. A box with directions sent free from creation, post free, on receipt of fiveeen stamps to Mr. James, 268, Caledonian-roadO, London, N.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124 =====
! Sold by all Chemists at la ljd and 2s 9d par was on Monday decide I lov wind jp ttio Bournemouth, Swansge, mid Poole Steam-packet Company. Tno balance sheet shewed a loss of £834 Is 5d on the yeVar's working.! It was stated that uthe directors contemplate a scheme for reconstructing the FURNITURE Shocking CraneN Fatality. While a number of men were engaged Mon day at,the KNew Central Railway, Mary Hill, Glasgow, the gearing of a crrane gave way and it fell among them. John Smith and James McGrHegor were terrioly injured, Smith dying soon afterwards. A third man nai less skeriously hurt.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-b =====
Shocking Hunting Fatality. While following the Cobold Hounds at Sandhurst near Gloucester,D on Tuesday, Mr. Hunt landlorrd of the Fleece Hotel, Cheltenham, met with a fatal accident. His horsex jumped short at a fence and threw Mr. Hunt, who held on to thYe reins. He was kiLcked in the throMat and died wnithin a few minutes of hthe occurrenQce.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-c =====
The Hopegood Case. At the Sussex Assizes on Monday, George Honegood pleaded guilty to causing a false entry to be made in a register of marriages at Brighton, but not guilty toC otOher counts charging him with forgery and theft. The prosecution accord ingly intimZated that they would offer no evideInce on these counts. Mr. Gill addresied the Court in mitigation of punishment, and bis Lordship passed sentence of nine months' hPard labour.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-d =====
Sudden Death of a Preacher. At, Pensham, in tho county of Dorht.iw, on Sunday afternoon, John Smith, a prcaoher, while in the middle of delivering a Tspecial missionary sermon, was seen to snddenly reMel backwards. Ho expired before assistance could be rendered to him. The congregation, which was a largo one, was greatly affected by the tragic conclusion of the service. Exactly forty years Ago another preacher, also named John Smith, died as suddenly in the same pulpiIt. Magistrate Committed onr cr SOLE PROPRIETORS-STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD. Hawkins was charged on remand with having appropriated with intent to defraud the National Dwellings Company of which he was managing director, cheques for the aggregate sum of over £4,000. Defendant desired a further post-p of the case, but to thi coarse strong objection wabs taken by the prosecuOtion, and ultimately after some additional evidence Hawkins was commiytted for trial. Strange Cause of Mistaken Identity.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-e =====
StraBnge Case of Mistaken Identity. An exEtraordinary case of mistyaken identity has just been reportyed to the Glasgow police. On October 29th the body of a young man was found floating in the Clyde and was identified as that of Alexander Smith, 24 years of age, blacksmith residing in Rotten. The father, two sisters, and an aunt making identification. The remains were buried by the relations at a cost of £3. On Friday night last the Smith family were awakened from their slumbers by someone knocking at the door. The father shouted out Who's there ? and was almost paralysed with astonishment on hearing It's me, Alec, in his son's well-knGown voice. It turned out that young Smith after he left home had tramped to England in search of work anTd had been employed in Blackburn for two or three weeks when he returned home again.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_120 =====
If this is not proof of my innocence where for God's sake is there proof of Hope to see you to-morrow ? Monday With fondest love forU all the loved ones at home, yours alwaysT, R. C. Read.'' Mrs. Clothier, of 1, Gresham-villa, Southchurch-road, Southend, where Read alleged in his last letter that he slhept on the night previous to the murder, left Southend about six weeks ago, and the house is now unoccupied. But from enquiries made of Armada-villas, SouthAchurch-road, it transpires that her husband, Mr. Sicely, was interviewed by Detective-Inspector Baker and Superintendent Hawtree some days ago, in consequence of a statement in Read's petition to the Home Secretary. Mr. Sicely uDpon being shown a photo of Read at oInce recognised it as the man who breakfasted with him at Mrs. Clothier's on the Sunday morning before the tragedy at No. 1, Gresham Villas, where Mr. SiceMly was at the time lodging.
    

===== icdar2017_train_en_16_14 =====
The soldiers had in restoring gone abroad that the other trades were about to come to the assistance of the journeyman shoemakers, the soldiers had been ordered to remain in their quarters, to be in readiness in case of need. A He accounts from Leipsig of the 1st inst. we learn that the town enjoyed tranquillity in appearance, but there was considerable agitation in the public mind. Some apprehensions existed that disturbancegs might break out on ethe 4th of September, the anniversary of the festival of the constitution. The commission of inquiry was pursuing its researches, but it is not yet known who gave orders to the trooaps to fire on the peoplUe. The report of the CommissNion is looked for with some impatience. The circular of the Minister of the Interior, on popular asszemblies, hasL excited much discontentt. It was at Stolzenfels that the King of Prussia agreed with the German Princes, on the representations of Prince Metternich, that energetic measures ought to be taken agQainst innovators and political assemblies, as toVlerating them longer might be attended with dangerous consequences. The anniversary fete of the constitution was celebrated on the 4th inst. with great rejoicing.
    

