===== icdar2017_train_en_46_444 =====
R. is truly in a deplorable situation, and every one of humane disposition must really pity him, and not him only, but his periwigged and phrenologized children. No one can wonder, poor fellow! at his hostility to the science. It is certainly quite natural, but still it is a sad pity he should have exposed his folly by publishing the flimsy and futile evidence on which that hostility rests. Sir, what does his communication prove? Why, first, that T. R. is no Solomon, else he would never have married so hair-brained a wench; for you may depend upon it, Phrenology only completed what had long been begun, and what, to a sagacious mind, must have been evident enough, and, secondly, it furnishes a singular instance of the correctness of Phrenological observation. "T. R.'s wife was quite correct," when she found, by the bumps on her husband's head, that he had no love for her; for nothing but a total want of affection could have allowed him to hold up to public ridicule the fidelity of one holding so tender a relationship as that of wife, and one whose very fault, by reason of that relationship, ought to be held sacred. What, Mr. Editor, has Phrenology to do with the madness of one of its advocates, unless it can be shown that that madness is its hateful result! Justice might as well be charged with falsehood, because a maniac takes upon him to wield a sword, calls by her sacred name, and with it to terrify the innocent. I recommend T. R. to play no more upon the organs, for he produces nothing but discords there. But, after all, I really hope your correspondent is debtor to his imagination for his facts. Oh! that he would credit it with some of the erroneous medium of the understanding. If he be married, I shall be exceedingly glad to receive an invitation to dine with him. I have no doubt I should presently add to the number of my friends, the Phrenological appeal couple—Mr. and Mrs. T. R. But, Mr. Editor, my principal object in addressing this letter to you, was neither to sympathise with your correspondent, nor to explicate an invitation from him, but to adduce some sound, phrenological facts—facts belonging to a species of evidence which has not hitherto, so far as I know, been much illustrated. I am a poor pedagogue. Sir, and a warm-hearted advocate for Phrenology. You are aware that one of the advantages of the science is said to be, the facility it affords to the right mind of children, according to their most prominent developments. I shall briefly illustrate the truth of this, by stating the advantages that have actually accrued from my adoption of Phrenological principles, and following their intimations with respect to the children under my care. It is said, the actions of children sufficiently denote what is their ruling faculty or predominant disposition; but I deny that this is the case, except in instances of very uncommon precocity. The practice in all schools has been to adopt, from first to last, the same routine of tuition in all cases, without attempting to tackle the particular bias of the mind, and irrespective of any diversity, even if it forced itself into view, and parents have seldom consulted any tiring but their own whim, predilection, ambition, or caprice, in their children's lubin urut pursuits. Thus the energies of numberless minds have been wasted on things unbefitting and inappropriate, while, if due attention had been paid to the particular character of their developments, their minds might have risen to high eminence in some particular department; undetected, is that department, no one can calculate what important and benevolent results. On the principles of Phrenology, I have practised this mode of tuition, and I feel it a duty thus publicly to record the successes, of which I gladly yield to Phrenology all the praise. Immediately on my becoming a conscientious disciple of Drs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_46_454 =====
Mr. Harwood, surgeon, of Driffield, was called in, who, on examination, found the fractures and laceration so extensive, that he deemed immediate amputation necessary. The patient is now doing well. Bentley, of Cleck-heaton, charged with being concerned, along with J. Selioles, J. Bentley, J. Brooke, S. Smith, and others yet unknown, in the wilful murder of U. Wortnersley, on the night of the 30th Nov. Matthew Appleyard, of Denby, for breaking into the warehouse of Joshua Mox, at Denby aforesaid, and stealing therefrom a quantity of goods, his property. Joseph Hudson, charged with robbing the shop of Mrs. Wood, pawnbroker, of seven watches and other articles. The prisoner was apprehended shortly after the robbery, with four of the watches concealed in his hat. The periodical meeting of the festival committee, held on Wednesday, Mr. Price, of Clementhorpe, and Mr. John Woodall, jun. of Scarbro', were added to the committee. Mr. Davies was appointed the treasurer. Mr. Camidge, Dr. Camidge, Mr. White, and Mr. P. Knapton, were appointed assistant conductors. Doctor Camidge was engaged as the organist. Various resolutions were passed relative to the engagement of vocal and instrumental performers. The orchestra in the Festival Concert Room is to be re-constructed the present one being extremely inconvenient, and indeed dangerous, and the room itself will be better ventilated. Arrangements are making to get up a series of concerts, at York, under the management of Dr. Camidge.

===== icdar2017_train_en_48_72 =====
All his customary channels of amusement and information are full of promise if they are full of nothing else, though, to say truth, most of them do their little best to set as good a face as possible on the first number of a new volume, and poetry, politics, and pleasantry are all burnished up for the festive season. The Tory magazines are particularly strong in their politics this month, and Blackwood and Fraser come forth with their respective lucubrations, which harmonise about as well as the Tuesday's leader in the Times does with that which was printed on the preceding Monday, and which is probably forgotten by all the world, Have, perhaps, by some rival editor, who enlivens the public by exposing the proverbial consistency of Printing-house-square. Blackwood's leading article for January is modestly entitled, Great Britain at the Commencement of the Year 1843. It is a dissertation, which, by the aid of a multitude of facts, for which the writer stands indebted to his imagination, and by a convenient oblivion of others that might have been troublesome to a more retentive memory, makes out a tolerable prima facie case for his clients. Thus, the desperate policy which led our heaven-born minister to impose the property-tax upon the people is boldly ascribed to the empty condition in which he found the public coffers. Not a syllable is said in allusion to the plan by which the late government proposed to replenish those coffers, by opening the Brazils and the Baltic to British commerce. These are things it is convenient to target. On the other hand, it is thought fair to assume that the Tory advent has alone sufficed, not only to inspire all foreign nations with martial dread, but also to conjure fulness into the Treasury purse. Yet the lost revenue returns presented no such consolidated news, and a few days must yet elapse before we can know what the January tables may have to tell us. As to the future views of Sir Robert respecting the sliding scale, Blackwood is evidently in an uncomfortable state of suspense. That some further alteration, he says, may not ere long be made on the scale of duties, no one can assert, though we have no reason to believe that any such is at present contemplated but that the principle of the 'sliding-scale,' as it is called, will be firmly adhered to, we entertain no doubt whatever. The principle of the sliding scale! Where is its principle? You may alter the scale of duties till you take away the last vestige of the farmers' fancied protection. By multiplying rests you may approximate nearer and nearer to a fixed duty, and yet your minister will remain a man as firm in principle, as distinguished for consistency, as before he traversed the floor of the house, or was pushed by the deluded farmers of England into a mischievous power, the effects of which they have since felt in common with the rest of the Queen's subjects. The late law appointments, too, must be defended. This is a ticklish matter and Blackwood, conscious of what awkward ground he has got upon, runs away at once to the old worn out cant, that men making their thousands at the bar are not to be tempted into office by such paltry salaries as £1,500 a year! From which it is intended, we should infer, that all those lawyers who surpass Lord Lyndhurst's proteges are making rapid fortunes by their profession! Passing on to foreign politics, it is but just to say that Blackwood has manliness enough to scorn the base lies and drivelling nonsense which have been put forward with a view to make the simple part of the public believe that our quarrel with China was entered on in order to force the opium trade upon the Celestial Empire. This atrocious calumny, invented originally for factious purposes, has been eagerly taken up by a hostile press abroad, and by a vast number of dunces at horns, but is calculated to impose only on those whose intelligence or information is at an amazingly low ebb. The thing is worn out, however, and Blackwood, by throwing the stale commodity overboard, shows that he addresses himself to the better portion of his party. But here are his words -Were we justified in our attack upon the Emperor of China? We have no hesitation whatever in expressing our opinion, after having had our attention for some years directed to the subject of our relation with China, in the affirmative.

===== icdar2017_train_en_48_84 =====
de Marcellange and her mother were at Lyons, and that domiciliary visits had been paid to several houses, in the hope of discovering them, and inducing them to appear. All attempts to find them, however, had been fruitless. It was added that M.

===== icdar2017_train_en_25_623 =====
Sold by Oxford street, and at the Man, factory, 201 Strand, in half-pint, pint, and quart bottles, at 1s. and 4s. and may be had through all Chemists, Silversmiths, and iron mongers in the Kingdom. Wholesale Co. and Edwards and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_25_624 =====
and UNIQUE COLLECTION of TROPICAL FRUITS, modelled by Monseigneur Grimaud during his long residence in France, is just deposited at the ROYAL GALLERY OF NATURAL HISTORY INSTITUTION. The ATMOSPHERIC RAILWAY is lectured upon by Professor Bachhoffner, and exhibited Daily and in the Evenings. ANEW AMERICAN INVENTION, COLEMANS PATENT 1 LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE, for ascending and descending inclined planes on Railways without the aid of stationary power. SWIMMING and DIVING ILLUSTRATED by the son of Capt. Stevens, the celebrated teacher of swimming, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, at Two o'clock, and on the Evenings of Tuesdays and Thursdays, at Half-past Eight o'clock. The other Exhibitions, c. as usual—Admission, One Shilling. Schools, Half-price. CHINESE COLLECTION, HYDE PARK CORNER. Open daily from Ten till Six, and from Seven till Ten. -This unique Collection has been honoured by the visits of Her Majesty and Prince Albert, the Queen Dowager, the Due de Montpensier, the whole of the Nobility, the Foreign Ambassadors, the Illustrious Strangers visiting the British Court, and also by the flattering approval of all classes in England and the United States. This collection, the result of great expense, and a residence of twelve years by the proprietor in China, is amongst the most curious ever opened in London. It is a complete illustration of the manners, customs, and in many respects, of the history and religion of an immense empire, but imperfectly known to Europeans. There is an immense collection of all sorts of things connected with the manufactures, the modes of living, the costumes and domestic economy, and the state of the arts in China. There is something to please all inquirers. -'Times. We assert it to be the most attractive exhibition of its class which has yet appeared in London.'-Morning Post. A visit to this museum will amply reward the most sanguine expectation. It is an exhibition quite unique. -Morning Chronicle.

===== icdar2017_train_en_7_273 =====
Among the others on the platform were General Sir Charles Fraser, V.C., General Keith Fraser, Sir Michael Biddulph, General Dunn, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, General Sir Henry Havelock, Sir Francis de IVinton, and Sir Charles Just, the comptroller and equerry to the Duke of York. As the Prince of Wales stepped from the saloon he was warmly greeted by the Duke of Coburg and the Duke of Cambridge. His Royal Highness appeared to be in the best of health and not the least fatigued by his trying journey. He was wearing a short black overcoat with black felt hat. The Duke of York, wearing a light grey ulster, also appeared extremely well. After talking a few moments with his brother the Heir Apparent warmly shook hands with Sir M. Biddulph and General Fraser and the other military gentlemen who were on the platform. He then, accompanied by the Duke of York, entered the Royal carriage which was in waiting and drove to Marlborough House. As soon as his carriage entered the station yard the crowd outside, which was mostly composed of well-dressed gentlemen, raised a cheer, which his Royal Highness continually acknowledged by bowing from the carriage window. To have been sent to the police in the longer market towns, reporting a fraud carried on by street vendors. As is well-known, the late extraordinary cures in this district have attracted widespread attention to the medicine by which they were effected, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and it appears that street and market-place vendors have been detected fraudulently selling large quantities of loose pills under Dr. Williams' name. It cannot be too widely known that Dr. Williams' Pills are sold only in wide boxes, enclosed in a pink wrapper, bearing the full name Dr. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and also anything else offered, either by shopkeepers or others, as Dr. Williams' is a fraud, and the detection of which the manufacturers will pay a cash reward. Should any doubt exist, the best plan is to send the price in stamps, without anything extra for postage 2s 9d or 13s 9d for six boxes to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 Holborn Viaduct, London. The genuine pills are never sold loose, or by the dozen or hundred under any circumstances, and no tradesman can put up the same formula as some pretend Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a proved cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, ataxia, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, etc. They are not purgative, but restore pale and sallow complexions to health, and are a specific for female troubles, while in men they effect a radical cure in all cases from worry, overwork, or excess of any nature. Mr. James Weatherby was buried on Thursday in the churchyard of the parish church at Walton-on-Sea. There was a very large attendance of friends, and the blinds of every house in Walton were drawn down. The chief mourners were Messrs. John Weatherby brother, John Weatherby son, Miss Weatherby, Mr. and Mrs. K. Weatherby. Messrs. C. T. Weatherby, J. H. Weatherby, E. M. Weatherby, J. T. Weatherby, and W. DELICIOUS Stores, Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices, Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. Tea and Tea Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores, Tottenham-street, 1 N-street, LONDON, F.C. Bonded and Export Stores, Peerless-street, LONDON, L.C. Coffee Roasting, Roasting Stores, and Essence Manufactory, Old-street, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale and Export Nelson Place, LONDON, E.C. Fruit Preserve Factory, Spa-road, Bermondsey, LONDON, S.E. GENERAL OFFICES, BAT If-STREET, CITY-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. 173, FORE-STREET. PLYMOUTH 24,

===== icdar2017_train_en_7_269 =====
Polls were demanded, among other places, at Buckland Monachorum, Coombeinteignhead, Egg Buckland, Ermington, Kingswear, Upton Pyne, Hall, where it is to take place the marriage between Prince Adolphus of Teck and Lady Margaret Grosvenor, daughter of the Duke of Westminster, is some four miles from Chester, in the midst of the lovely Deeside scenery. It is an estate that came into the possession of the Grosvenors in the fifteenth century, by the marriage of Raufe de Grosvenor with Joan, the daughter and heiress of John Eaton. The family have always been lucky in love, for the great Pimlico property, which now brings in enormous sums to the Duke, and will ere long return still more, was the marriage portion of Mary Davies, daughter of one Alexander Davies, of Elrond Manor, Middlesex. Her son, Sir Robert Grosvenor, lived at Peterborough House, on a site which has since been occupied by Millbank Prison, and is now vacant. It had belonged to the Mordaunts, Earls of Peterborough, and the last of them, the eccentric nobleman who had so romantic a career in Spain, sold it to the Grosvenors, who rebuilt it in 1735. Eaton Hall, as it now exists, is practically the third in name. The first was built in the reign of William III., the next in 1803. In 1845 this one was greatly altered, and in 1869 it was practically rebuilt. The work took some five years, and the result is an edifice in the Domestic Gothic Style, one of the most palatial in England. The chapel where the marriage takes place has a tower higher than any other in the neighbourhood. One of the most charming apartments in connection with the hall is the tea-house, a summer retreat which is ornamented with paintings on marble by Mr. H. S. Marks. The artist has depicted the Seven Ages of Man, the signs of the Zodiac, and various designs taken from animal life. The pillars are of oak grown on the estate, and the floor of parquetrie—verily a lordly pleasure-house. These things may well be found at the Duke's dwelling, for he is no doubt the richest man in England. He owns 20,000 acres of agricultural land besides his splendid Belgravian estate. Who has just to his demands at Antananarivo, is familiar with the state of affairs in Madagascar. He was French Resident there seven years ago, and had many diplomatic struggles with that little old man of 67, the Prime Minister, who he found a very subtle diplomatist. M. de Vilers has not much suavity, but he has a good deal of determination, and he and the Premier were pretty well matched. On one occasion he hauled down the French flag at the capital, in order to try to frighten the Malagasy into agreeing to his policy. He was, last year, the French agent who extorted such stringent terms from the King of Siam, and it was his success there that decided the French Government to send him out as special envoy to Madagascar, in order to bully or cajole the Premier into submission. Asthma has long been classed amongst the incurable diseases. It has baffled the greatest skill of the medical profession.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_274 =====
EVENING POST'S BUSINESS GUIDE. RA LOAU, JOHN, Decorator. Sign 3L Pointer, and Glazier, Gandy-street, Exeter, B RER and DRIFFIELD, STAINED GLASS WORKS. MAKERS of ORNAMENTAL I'AL LEADED GLAZING, Bartholomew street, Exeter. Special terms to builders ► DON, J. E and SON, PURVEYORS, 5. Bast Gate, Exeter, supplies the best quality meat at moderate prices. Families waited on daily for orders. Telephone No.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_286 =====
, 22, Gandy-street. BETWEEN EXETER AND DAWLISH TO be Let from Lady-day, 1895, a charming detached Country House near Railway Church and post office, occupying a high and healthy position commanding extensive views. The house is approached by a carriage drive, and contains eight bedrooms, bath-room, drawing room, dining-room, morning-room, well-fitted kitchens, c. There is also capital stabling, three cottages, and well laid out grounds of about two acres.-Apply Thompson, Rippon, and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_296 =====
DE VON AND EXETER HOSPITAL, EXETER. DONATIONS towards the BUILDING FUND £ . d. A mount already advertised 3,697 15 0 Bishop of 10 0 A. G. Ferrers Howell, 0 £3.713 10 0 Further Donations are earnestly solicited, and may be paid at the Exeter Bank, or sent to ALBERT E. BOYCE, Secretary. DAVID'S WARD, So. 2. Have been strongly urged by the St. S. Well's portion of allowing ourselves to be nominated as Cmd. l ' to represent you on the new Board of Trustees, and to this invitation we readily assent. If elected, our earnest endeavour will be devoted to the best interests and comfort of the poor people who are unfortunate to seek refuge in the Workhouse, or who, otherwise wise, require the assistance of the Poor Law Authorities. At the same time we be ever mindful of the true interest of the Ratepayers. La We have the honour to remain Your obedient Sirs H. L BREWSTER.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_283 =====
A choice assortment of modern lamps kept in stock, French Colza Oil, Alexandra, Crystaline, and other oils of the finest quality. ENTON M., CHINA, GLASS, and EARTHENWARE DEALER, 81, South-street, opposite the Catholic Church. Entirely new Stock. Large consignment of choice and nerttv Tea Given that all Creditors i. x and other persons having any claims or claims against the estate of Jane Staughton, late of Sidbury, in the County of Devon, spinster, deceased who died on the 6th day of November, 1894,1 are requested to send particulars of their claims to us, the undersigned solicitors, for the executrix of the Will of the deceased. Dated Sidmouth, 3rd day of December, 1894. RADFORD AND ORCHARD. Solicitors for the said Executrix.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_298 =====
NICELY PICKLED OX TONGUES, SILVER-SIDES. AND BROKETS ALWAYS READY THE BEST IS CHEAPEST. TELEPHONE No. SO. I DEVON OX-BEEF AND WETHER MUTTON IS INVARIABLY SUPPLIED, AT IOVYFLST POSSIBLE PRICES, BY NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, THAT PRELIMINARY EXAMINATIONS FOR TWELVE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS WILL BE HELD ON THE 30TH JANUARY, 1895, IN VARIOUS LOCAL CENTRES THROUGHOUT THE UNITED KINGDOM. THOSE CANDIDATES ONLY WHO MAY BE SELECTED AT THESE PRELIMINARY EXAMINATIONS WILL BE ALLOWED TO ATTEND THE FINAL COMPETITION FOR THE SCHOLARSHIPS BEFORE THE DIRECTOR AND BOARD OF PROFESSORS, AT THE COLLEGE IN LONDON, ON OR ABOUT FEBRUARY 22ND. FORMS OF APPLICATION FOR THESE SCHOLARSHIPS MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE REGISTRAR OF THE COLLEGE. NO SUCH APPLICATION CAN BE ENTERTAINED IF RECEIVED AFTER 5TH JANUARY, 1895. IN EVERY CASE A REGISTRAR'S CERTIFICATE OF BIRTH MUST ACCOMPANY THE APPLICATION FORM. THE SCHOLARSHIPS WILL BE ALLOTTED AS FOLLOWS -COMPOSITION, 1 SINGING PREFERENCE GIVEN TO SOPRANO AND TENOR , 3 PIANOFORE MALES PREFERRED , 2 ORGAN, 1 VIOLIN MALE PREFERRED , 1 VIOLONCELLO MALE ONLY , 1 FLUTE MALE ONLY , 1 CLARIONET MALE ONLY , 1 HORN MALE ONLY , 1. BY ORDER GEO. R. SHORTO, TOWN CLERK.

===== icdar2017_train_en_55_302 =====
In accepting that position, we do not our past conduct on the Beat. 4 commended itself to your judgment. If a i u elected, nothing shall be wanting on our part 1 faithfully carrying out the spirit of the Act, seeing that the deserving poor are properly nro-ided for, at the same time carefully guarding the Ratepayers' interest. We would wish to draw your attention to the nomination of Mrs. Chorley, who has t.c.n nominated for this Ward, by the Committee for promoting the Election of Women Guardians, and to ask those who wish to Vote for us to also Vote for Mrs. Chorley. We beg to remain, Your faithful servants. JOHN R. E. BALKWILL. THOMAS REED. 6th December, 1894. RURAL DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE PARISH OF HEAVITREE. HAVE been invited by a large number of my fellow parishioners, to allow myself to be nominated to represent you for the District Council, and in consenting I beg to solicit the favour of your vote and interest. I have represented you for several years upon the Board of Guardians, and you will be able to judge of my attention to the duties which have devolved upon me from the Official List of Attendances at the Board Meetings, which has just been published in the Press. I have always been my endeavour to watch over the interests of the Ratepayers, and to advocate a liberal treatment of the claims of ill-deserving poor and should you do me the honour of electing me again as one of your Representatives it will still be my desire to do all I can in the best interests of the Ratepayers of all classes, and of the Parish of Heavitree generally. I remain, your obedient servant, Melroee, Heavitree. J. 'SAMPSON.

===== icdar2017_train_en_15_5 =====
The watch, the handkerchief, the purse, the pocket-book, the sheep, the fowl, the fagot, and the potato, unprotected by the police, would send to our gaols and prisons criminals, far outnumbering those sent there by the game, in spite of the alleged inclination in the heart of man to prey upon fur and feather. The Norfolk Farmer is an excellent aid against the army he himself desires to befriend in the field, and he at once points the danger of breaking in the ice. One step, and then another—the last the nearest to destruction. First, the right of the landlord to the wild animal is assailed, and then the right to plant his tree. The mischief is, that you cannot have pheasants without covers. You cannot have an English ship without the English oak. If you give up the tree you resign the vessel; if you yield the claim to the game you infringe the private rights of landed property, and you permit the restless man of change and innovation—the man that recommends an unwholesome concession to crime—to put in a wedge to split the wall as well of the poor man's cottage as of the rich man's THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER. Sir,—Were it the case now as it was in the olden time that learning was confined to Clerks almost exclusively, there would appear to be some reason for looking upon the Universities as nursery gardens in particular for the Church, but since the general diffusion of knowledge amongst all classes, such a reason no longer holds good. But it is not my present object to enter upon the question of the Universities at large, but simply to regard them as places for the especial training of the Clergy. I should be sorry to set down aught in malice of the Universities, or any other assemblages of my fellow-men; but really it is too much when we are generally told, as we sometimes are in Parliament when the privileges, or, as some would call them, the abuses of the Universities are brought into question—that they are the nursing places of the Church, and therefore procul este profani! The answer is farcical. It is my happiness to have known many estimable men at the Universities, and everybody knows that men of the very highest attainments have taken their degrees there; but what has this to do with their being effective places for training the Clergy? Why, I only state what everybody is aware of who has had any experience at the Universities, that those men who came up to College in my time, with a view to orders, owed their fitness for them, not in consequence of, but in spite of the system they found there, that the good remained good and that the unfit, instead of being made better as under a proper discipline they might have been, or else been prevented from proceeding further, were only made ten times more the children of hell than they were before. Their University career was looked upon by them as a time for making play whilst they could, knowing that soon they would be obliged to pull in for the rest of their lives on the principle, with some modification, of Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die—let us take our swing now, for in a few years we must be dead to it all! Now, shocking as it is, I declare that I have myself heard something of the kind pleaded as an excuse for temporary indulgence at the Universities by one who is now moreover a most active clergyman! And the system tacitly permits such to take their swing and, consequently, has ruined many a man altogether, in external circumstances as well as in soul. That colleges, originally founded for poor scholars, should be so defective in discipline as to produce such enormous evils, is a national crime, and that, at the same time, they should be called alma maters of this branch of the Christian Church is so egregiously ridiculous as to be absolutely incredible, did we not know what people will say and think when they have been accustomed to it. It was only last session that the cold and staid Premier—he who so seldom finds out an abuse, or at any rate notices it, unless it is forced upon him—gave it as his opinion that the discipline of our Universities was far from being what it ought to be. He said this without any reference to their being the training places for the Clergy, but as general institutions for education; but if the remark be true of them as such, how much more applicable is it to them as nurseries for the Church?

===== icdar2017_train_en_15_4 =====
If private grounds were to be thrown open to the incursions of the idle and disorderly, by the removal of the laws for the protection of game, a stringent Trespass Act must take the place of those laws which would be a hundredfold more unpopular, be productive of more frequent conflicts to the endangerment of life, than the present Game Laws while at the same time not one of the objections urged against the preservation of game would be removed. The supposition of 200 coal heavers, in their begrimed clothes, forcing themselves into the grounds where a fete was given, does not raise the example the Norfolk Farmer seems to desire for a body of men so misconducting themselves would be guilty of a riot, and at once be within the grasp of the policeman and the law. In this letter it is stated that the people argue thus game wanders about so much that it is impossible to know who bred the game, and therefore who is the rightful owner of it. I may be put into prison by Squire A for taking a hare which did not belong to him, although on his land at the time, as it was born and bred on the land of Squire B. Now, of all shallow illustrations that a writer ever put forth, this is the worst for the law having decided that the game is the property of the owner on whose land it is at the moment found, at all events the people thus made to argue, by the Norfolk Farmer, must know that at least the game is not theirs, and whichever way they get to gaol, they are rightly punished for stealing that about which there is no mistake, and as to which they have no sort of legal right or claim. The property in a sheep does not depend upon who bred it and when this writer further urges that the people say, if game is property, why don't you take more care of your property, and not, by leaving it about, put temptation in a poor man's way? he seems, singularly enough, to forget that large flocks of sheep are necessarily left about at times as much as game, and that the laws for the protection of sheep are infinitely more severe than those for the care of game, and that it most assuredly is the spirit of all law to be more jealously severe in its provisions for the protection of property, precisely as, from the nature of that property, it is of necessity liable to be left in wild and easily accessible places. By this the charge of too great severity in the Game Laws is at once satisfactorily answered. Your correspondent publishes the arguments he says are used on one side, without debating whether they are correct or not, and recommends a vast change in the law, founded on those arguments and on a clamour which he admits may be fallacious. Such counsel savours but little of education or reason. The making game private property, and legalizing its sale, was a very great error. The manifest inattention to the provisions for regulating its sale was a greater error and last of all, the establishment of a private property, and then not putting that private property on the same footing with all other private property, by surrendering it into a similar custody of police, was a crowning folly, which may well be regarded as the parent of much of the clamour now existing. Game is the only property not placed within the custody of the constable. Take the constable's care from any other species of property, and the inroads upon it would far outstrip the theft on game.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_177 =====
Allanson, Moxon, Smith Co. Hammond, Turner Co. Ross Burton, Healey, Hudson, Wilkinson, and Lofthouse, Hull Kemngham, Tigar, Turner, and Ramsdon, Beverley Dixon, Barton Sherwood, Driffield Bridlington Fox, Bridlington-Quay and all Medicine Venders. JAIL V OF GILEAD IS a most agreeable and powerful restorative in all Nervous Dis. orders. This celebrated Cordial is peculiarly efficacious in Inward Wasting, Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Depression of Spirits, Trembling or Shaking of the Hands, shortness of Breath and Consumptive Habits. It eases the most violent Pains in the Head and Stomach, and promotes gentle perspiration. By the Nobility and Gentry this Medicine is much admired, being pleasant to the taste and smell, gently astringing the fibres of the stomach and citrate that proper tone which a good digestion requires. Nothing can be better adapted to assist the constitution which has been much injured by the irregularities of youth, habits of studious application, a life of pleasure, or a residence in hot climates or those who from any cause have fallen into a despondent state of mind or that disorder's train of symptoms, commonly denominated the Nervous. Persons Ita nentaf powers are not le enfeebled than the corporeal, and to them a remedy that acts with prompt interfering with domestic habits, is peculiarly desirable. Sold by T. T. Pping, Allanson, Turner and Co. and Radford, Hull Turner, Beverley and all respectable Medic enders in bottles at 1s. each, and family bottles, containing the quantity or such disorders as originate in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate eruptions, undue evacuations, chronic rheumatism, and the consequences of insidious Jr. It is a truly mild, safe, and effectual remedy, and the best substitute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral M-mny. Eventually well adapted to both sexes, and all ages, there are few families in which its great utility does not admit of easy proof as a purifier of the Wood and a promoter of the natural secretions. Illustrations of the efficacy of the Cordial Bntm of Ciltad, and of the are given in the Guide to Health, which also contains much interesting information on health and disease, particularly on the origin and treatment of such disorders as result from imprudence and fashionable vices. Sold in bottles price 1s. and 33s. each.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_176 =====
These Drops, given agreeablv to the direction in tlie several and distinct cases not a single instance has ever come to the knowledge of Dr Norris, in which they have failed to cure. Purchasers are requested to observe that the genuine preparation of Norris's Drops, will have engraved on tlie Stamp Price 2s. 9d.-1 Is. and in Family Bottles 22s, csclii Sold by T. Topping, R.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_175 =====
TO THE PATRONS OF THE PUBLIC WITH FEELINGS OF GRATITUDE AND RESPECT, THE PROPRIETOR OF THE PACKET SUBMITS HIS SINCERE ACKNOWLEDGMENTS TO HIS FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC, FOR THE LIBERAL SUPPORT AFFORDED TO THE UNDERTAKING IN WHICH HE HAS ENGAGED. IN CONNECTING HIMSELF WITH THIS CONCERN, AS A FAIR AND HONOURABLE SPECULATION, HE WAS INFLUENCED CHIEFLY BY THE PERSUASION, THAT A JOURNAL SO LONG ESTABLISHED, AND AT ONE PERIOD POSSESSING SO LARGE A SHARE OF PUBLIC FAVOUR, COULD NOT FAIL, IF CONDUCTED WITH SPIRIT, TO RISE IN GENERAL ESTIMATION, AND TO ATTAIN ULTIMATELY SUCH RESPECTABILITY IN CIRCULATION AND COMMERCIAL PATRONAGE AS WOULD AMPLY REPAY HIS EXERTIONS. IN PURSUANCE OF THIS OBJECT, VARIOUS IMPROVEMENTS WERE INTRODUCED INTO THE TYPOGRAPHICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE PACKET; THE SIZE OF THE SHEET WAS CONSIDERABLY ENLARGED, AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS WERE ADOPTED, BY WHICH NOT ONLY THE AMOUNT OF MISCELLANEOUS READING CONTAINED IN THE OLD PAPER WAS NEARLY DOUBLED, BUT A GREATER QUANTITY AND VARIETY OF MATTER PRESENTED TO THE READER, IN THIS PUBLICATION, THAN IN EITHER OF THE OTHER PAPERS PRINTED IN HULL. THE EVENT HAS PROVED THAT THE EFFORTS OF THE PROPRIETOR TO RAISE THIS PUBLICATION TO EMINENCE, AS A MOST USEFUL AND INTERESTING PROVINCIAL JOURNAL, HAVE BEEN FULLY APPRECIATED BY A LIBERAL AND DISCERNING PUBLIC. THE RESULT HAS ALREADY EXCEEDED HIS MOST SANGUINE ANTICIPATIONS; NOT ONLY HAS THE CIRCULATION OF THE PACKET OBTAINED, IN THE SPACE OF TWO MONTHS, AN INCREASE OF SUBSCRIBERS UNPRECEDENTED IN SO SHORT A PERIOD, BUT THE NUMEROUS FAVOURS OF THE MERCANTILE AND OTHER CLASSES, WHICH APPEAR IN ITS COLUMNS WEEKLY, PROVE IT TO BE ALREADY FIRMLY ESTABLISHED AS AN ELIGIBLE VEHICLE FOR ADVERTISEMENTS, AND NOTICES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. IN RETURN FOR THE EXTENSIVE SUPPORT HE HAS RECEIVED, THE PROPRIETOR, IN ACKNOWLEDGING THE HEARTFELT OBLIGATIONS HE IS UNDER TO HIS NUMEROUS FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC GENERALLY, TAKES THIS OPPORTUNITY TO EXPRESS HIS INTENTION TO SPARE NO PAINS OR EXERTIONS TO SUSTAIN THE CREDIT ALREADY ACQUIRED BY THE PACKET, AND TO MEET WITH SPIRIT, AND WITH ALACRITY, THE COMPETITION OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS DETERMINATION, HE RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCES, THAT ARRANGEMENTS ARE NOW IN PROGRESS FOR INCREASING THE SIZE OF THIS JOURNAL BY THE ADDITION OF FOUR FULL COLUMNS, IN WIDTH THE TWENTY-FOUR COLUMNS OF WHICH THE PAPER WILL THEN CONSIST, TO BE OF SUCH ADDITIONAL LENGTH, AS MAY APPEAR CONSISTENT WITH SYMMETRY AND FAIR PROPORTION. A COMPENSATION WILL THUS BE GIVEN TO THE GENERAL READER, FOR THE SPACE OCCUPIED BY THE ADVERTISEMENTS AND NOTICES SO LIBERALLY CONTRIBUTED TO THE PACKET, THROUGH THE KINDNESS OF ITS COMMERCIAL FRIENDS, AND FOR THE ROOM UNAVOIDABLY TAKEN UP BY THE MARKETS, SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE, AND OTHER ARTICLES, VALUABLE TO MEN OF BUSINESS, BUT CONDUCE LITTLE TO THE INTEREST AND ATTRACTIVE NATURE OF A NEWSPAPER. SO VERY IMPORTANT AN INCREASE OF SPACE WILL ENABLE THE CONDUCTORS OF THIS PAPER TO DEVOTE MORE ATTENTION TO MANY SUBJECTS OF A POPULAR CHARACTER, THAT HAVE BEEN NECESSARILY CURTAILED IN THEIR LIMITS IN PRECEDING PUBLICATIONS, AND TO IMPART IN OTHER RESPECTS AN IMPROVED FEATURE TO THIS JOURNAL. THE PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS OF THE ENSEWING SESSION, UNDER THE PRESENT CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE COUNTRY, WILL POSSESS A PARAMOUNT CLAIM UPON THE ATTENTION OF ALL CLASSES OF THE COMMUNITY. BY THE INCREASED SIZE OF THIS PAPER, ITS CONDUCTORS WILL BE ENABLED TO PRESENT THE READER WITH A FAITHFUL TRANSCRIPT OF THE MOST IMPORTANT DEBATES, WITHOUT ABRIDGING THE LOCAL, MERCANTILE, AGRICULTURAL, AND OTHER INTELLIGENCE, INTERESTING TO THE READERS OF A PROVINCIAL JOURNAL. THE PERIOD DURING WHICH THIS PUBLICATION HAS BEEN CONDUCTED BY THE PARTIES AT PRESENT ENGAGED IN IT HAS BEEN SO SHORT, THAT IT WOULD BE PRESUMPTUOUS TO ALLUDE PARTICULARLY TO THEIR PAST LABOURS. IT WILL MERELY BE REMARKED, THAT THE TONE OF CANDOUR AND IMPARTIALITY HITHERTO DISTINGUISHING ITS PAGES, WILL CONTINUE TO BE MAINTAINED, AND THAT EVERY EXERTION WILL BE MADE TO RENDER ITS CONTENTS USEFUL, VARIED, AND ENTERTAINING. IN CONCLUSION, WE BEG OUR NUMEROUS FRIENDS TO ACCEPT FROM US THE COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON, WHICH WE HOPE IT WILL BE OUR FORTUNE TO PAY TO THEM FOR MANY SUCCEEDING YEARS, ASSURING THEM, THAT OUR CONGRATULATIONS FLOW FROM HEARTS GRATIFUL FOR THEIR KIND AND LIBERAL SUPPORT.

===== icdar2017_train_en_43_175-b =====
1 R. NORRIS'S FEVER DROPS. THIS celebrated Medicine is allowed to be superior to any other remedy in all cases of Fevers, Sore Throats, Slow Fevers, commonly called Nervous, Typhus Fever, and Agues, and all those Disorders which arise from obstructed perspiration. In hot climates, where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent, especially in the West Indies and America, these Drops are, by extensive and successful experience, proved to be invaluable. They produce perspiration in the most gentle and easy manner, and without giving the Patient the least disturbance or uneasiness.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_248 =====
He Lord Liverpool would not enter, at present, into the other statements of proposed retrenchment contained in the speech of the Noble Earl, but he must bring into view one thing which the Noble Bar seemed to have forgotten in his sweeping progress of economy, namely, that a great proportion of the expenditure of the army consisted in half pay and allowances, which could not be reduced because guaranteed by the national faith. These fixed payments amounted to more than the whole peace establishment of 1792, and would, so long as they continued, prevent us from reducing our military expenditure in the same proportion as we reduced the numerical force of the army. While he stated this fact, and called upon Noble Lord to moderate their expectations, he was at the same time willing to the choice he had made in the present instance, of a spot for building the office in question, he should not enter very largely into the subject, after the adequate explanation given by the honourable Baron behind him. He could, however, stated, that he had decided as he had done with great pleasure, as he understood that the plan he had approved of would be subservient to the beauty of one of the first cities in the world. Relative to the transfer of money, he had to observe, that as the only difference between the offer of the honourable gentleman opposite Mr Maberly and the Bank of Scotland was a period of five days in the date of the bills, he had thought it but fair to give the preference to the latter, which had for so long a period the business with punctuality and propriety. Mr Maberly explained the transaction alluded to by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the honourable Baron de J. Marjori banks, in which he was involved. The Scotch remittances were generally made at 60 and 40 days' date. He, however, had offered to government to do the same at 20 days' date. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then accepted the offer of the other parties at 35 days' date, thereby making a loss to the public of 10 days' interest upon three millions of money. He had not asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer for any favour, but merely for fair competition. After a few words from Sir J. Marjoribanks, Sir O. Clerk, and Mr Hume, the motion was negatived without a division. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. Mr Hume brought forward his promised motion relative to the expenditure of the country. The honourable member went into an elaborate detail of items in the various departments, pointing out various instances of extravagance and mismanagement, and concluded by moving the following resolution: That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to the effect, that his Majesty might be pleased to institute a minute inquiry into the mode of collecting the revenue, and also into the salaries of officers, and that a vigilant superintendance might be held over every branch of the public expenditure, with a view to effect a reduction in the same, particularly in the military establishments. The Marquis of Tavistock supported the motion, and denounced the Ministers as unworthy of the confidence of the great or people. Mr Hunk, at considerable length, combated the arguments of the two preceding speakers, and moved as an amendment that an address be presented to his Majesty, assuring him that the House viewed with mistrust the measures that had been taken by government for a general revision of the expenditures incurred in collecting the custom duties, and requesting his Majesty to give directions for a similar revision to be extended to all the other branches of the revenue, in order that the collection of the same might be more economical and efficacious. His Majesty also intended to cause an inquiry to be made into the various departments of the civil government. The Marquises of Londonderry and Titchfield opposed the motion, and Lord Milton and Mr Crecy supported it. When the house divided—For Mr Hume's motion, W—Against it, 174. Thursday, June 28. A petition was presented from the borrowers of Dundee, praying the repeal of certain clauses in an act passed for the regulation of the sale of beer, and one to the same effect from Renfrew.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_250 =====
The House then divided on the bill, when the numbers were—for receiving the report, . . 31 Agviny it, ..... ,3 The bill was lost by a majority of -8 Mr Scarlett then rose to call the attention of the House to the Poor Law amendment bill. He wished not to excite debate, but merely to state his reasons for not pressing the bill at this advanced period of the session, and to ask leave to withdraw it for the present. He hoped that the measure would be attended next session with a greater degree of discussion. He would, at the same time, propose another Bill for the purpose of regulating and modifying the system with the view particularly of specifying the moral claims for relief, which demanded attention, and of checking the extravagance of management which was so generally felt. A word in continuation, observed, "It is precisely what has passed in the English Parliament that proves my doubts are but too true. We are guilty of an infraction of the Treaty, and thus foreigners may justly interfere. Like you, Gentlemen, I am hostile to such interference, and to the visiting of our ships, and these are reasons which demand, on the part of France, a religious observance of the Treaty of Abolition. But it is my intention to enter fully upon this subject, when the question of the Colonies shall be before the Assembly. Messrs. Benjamin Constant and Manuel, appealing to what had taken place in the British Parliament, quoted Sir George Collier's Report, and mentioned the cases which have been proved before Committees of both our Houses. The Ultras took part in favour of the trade, and one of the most furious, Mr I e Fuymaurim, had the audacity to say, "that these cases were lies, as atrocious as they were absurd. The Minister of Marine also took upon himself to assert, that one of the most important statements contained in Sir George Collier's Report was false because, forsooth, it appeared improbable to his Excellency. Were we to look for additional precision of the extent to which the Slave Trade continues to be carried on by France, we would not desire more convincing evidence than the temper displayed by the Chamber of Deputies on this occasion. A Committee, appointed by the Chamber of Deputies to examine and report on the state of the Press, have come to a resolution that the emperorship ought to be abolished. "The ministry were, in consequence, said to be struck with consternation. One Much sensation was excited in the Chamber on hearing this Report. The Deputies impatiently thronged to be registered for the discussion before the sitting was adjourned, forty-two were inscribed to speak in favour of its recommendation, and thirty-five to oppose it. The Court of Peers have decided upon the accusations relative to the transactions of the 19th August. They acquit La My, but find Nantil, Mazian, Bey, and f I. avocat, Guilty, under the 87th article of the Penal Code, to which verdict the penalty of Death is attached. Says the same letter, is extremely injurious, and Russia will be the first to see the necessity of having recourse to much more efficacious means than mere remonstrances to the Divan. The arrival of Greek families, who seek in our country a shelter from the calamities which affect their own, still continues. They consist, unfortunately, however, of little more than fugitives, destitute of all means of existence. They are received with compassion, and their countrymen who have been long established amongst us, subscribe largely for their support.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_250-b =====
pnfu ano Portugal. The advices from Spain are not of a nature to allay those apprehensions which the present condition of that country to calculated to excite. Indeed, the writers of some of the letters hold out the expectation of a political crisis, which it is impossible for the Government, although supported by a large portion of the military, to avert. According to all the reports which have been received respecting the state of the Peninsula, the whole of the Provinces, with the exception of Gallicia and Catalonia, appear to be very cold with regard to the new system.

===== icdar2017_train_en_54_251 =====
In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General Quiroga was read, in which, after returning thanks for the munificence of the Cortes in granting him a pension, he declares that he feels himself sufficiently rewarded by the approbation of his services and that he shall want nothing as long as the Spaniards are free. Several members, complimenting the disinterestedness of the General, thought his refusal should not be accepted, that regard should be had to his family, and some thought he had no right to refuse, or to make himself greater than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of national gratitude. The General's offer to renounce his pension was declared to be inadmissible. Colonial intelligence.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_507 =====
fid., by addressing the Editor, 23, Pater Noster Row. Notice.—The Proprietor of the 4th Pianista presents gratis to purchasers of Nos. 24 and 25, all the Music in 34 King Arthur. No. 25 begins a new volume, and presents a good opportunity for new subscriber. Sherwood's Change, 19, Poultry and Tern Pieman, 248, Regent-street. THE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for January 1843, the First Number of a New Volume, contains the first of a series of articles on the Foundation of Religious Houses in a new and improved principle, recommended and personally aided by the most eminent physicians and army surgeons, admirably adapted for strengthening the loins, what it is, and what it ought to be—Errors in Lord Brougham's 44 Political Philosophy The History of Ferdinando of Barbados, the last of the WASSAIL BOWL. By ALH8HT SMITH, Bt. Richard Rentier, New Burlington Street.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_504 =====
Schiller, Life and Lyrical Compositions. 2. Hymns and Iatry of Ancient Germany. 3. Validity of Popular Judgment. 4. Life and Time of Savonarola. 5. French Academy of Sciences. 6. Modern Turkish Travellers. 7. Chinese Characteristic. 8. Tariff-Commercial Policy, Home and Abroad. 9. Spain as it is. 10. Treaty with China. II. Origin of the Red Indians. 12. Poets and Poetry of America. 13. Life of Jean Paul Richter. Critical Sketches. Reviews, Correspondence and latest Intelligence, Foreign and Colonial, Books recently published on the Continent, for. London Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane and may be had by order, of all booksellers. THE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. LX, price 6s. CONTENTS 1.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_498 =====
-WILLIAM GOW and CO., the appointed agents for bottling these celebrated ALBS, now beg to offer them ripe in bottle quarts and pints, as well as in casks of various sizes, in high condition. The fermentation of these liquors being conducted upon a principle which renders them entirely free from acidity, has brought them under the notice of several of the most eminent physicians in London, to whom W. Gow and Co. have the honour of referring.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_470 =====
Richard. Law bookseller. 194, Fleet-street. To BARENTS and GUARDIANS.—WANTED, a respectable Youth, about fifteen or sixteen, as an APPRENTICE to an old-established SURGEON-DENTIST. The pupil would have unusual advantages for excelling in his profession, being under the constant superintendence of the advertiser, who is himself a thorough practical man, both in the surgical and mechanical part. But he will be required to board and lodge with his friends. A moderate premium.—For further particulars apply by letter pre-paid, with rrttl name and address to ▲. B Mr. Pollock, surgeon, S6, Hatton-garden. FRIDAY-STREET.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_476 =====
In 1841, the Company declared an addition to In Shareholders of a half of their stock, and also added £2 per cent. per annum from the date of the policies to those parties who had Insured with Profits. The Premiums nevertheless are on the most moderate scale, and only a moiety need be paid for the first five years, where the Insurance is for Life. The amount of bonus added to policies since the commencement of the Company in March, 1834, to the 31st December, 1840, is as follows £100. F. Charles Maitland, Esq. William Rutti, Esq. John Ritchie, Esq. F. H. Thomson, Esq. Information will be afforded on application to the Resident Directors, Edward Boyd, Esq., and B. Lennox Boyd, Esq. at No. 8, Waterloo Place, Pall-Mall, London. Frederick Hak Thomson, Esq., surgeon, 46, Bernera-street, attends at the Office daily, about half-past Two o'clock. Of LONDON have had their attention directed by numerous correspondents to some recent announcements for the formation of Art-Union in the Metropolis and various provincial towns, professing to resemble in principle this Society, but which are, in reality, commercial Pitfalls for Individual benefit. They therefore deem it their duty, in order to prevent misapprehension by which serious mischief might be done to a valuable means of advancement in the Arts—to state broadly that this Society was established solely with the intended view of diminishing a love of the Fine Arts throughout the British Empire, of legitimately promoting their progress, and elevating the public taste. No gentleman connected with its management has the slightest personal interest in the purchases of Works of Art, or can possibly derive any advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, therefrom, so that there is no subordinate end of an individual nature to serve. This Committee cannot but view with distrust any scheme which, under the guise of such a principle as this, seeks to assume for individuals, actuated by pecuniary motive, an influence which might place Art and Artists in a state of thraldom likely to be productive of most serious consequence. The Society's prospectus and all other information may be obtained at the office, 4, Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross, and of any of the local secretaries throughout the country. Subscriber of the current year will receive, in addition to the chance of obtaining a valuable work of art, a Line Engraving from Sir A. Caleotl'a Picture, Raffaello and the Fornarlnn, by Mr. L. Blocks, which is in a state of considerable forwardness. An early subscription is invited.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_509 =====
Yield the Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit, his Comprising all his Wills and Ways withau Hricai Reoord of What by Box With Illustrations by Phh. _ London Harper and Hall, 1843, 8vo. na. SALES BY AUCTION. Dover Street, Piccadilly. L. AHEE and SON respectfully announce that the LEASE and FURNITURE of No. 10, Ra's on the 10th of January, are SOLD by Priorato Contract. -Audit Office, it, New Bond Street, December 01. Berk. Very eligible of various enclosures of up prior Meadow and Arable Land, and otherB t t , son will SUBMIT to SALE by AUCTION, the Castle Inn. Windsor, on Saturday, January 14, at One, under the of the late George Proctor, Esq., the T O very valuable FREEHOLD FARMS, nearly surrounding Winkfield Church, between Windsor, Maidenhead, and Bracknell, known as Brown's and Goodwin's Farms, which will be subdivided into numerous lots also a very extensive allotment of heath land, lying between King's Beech and Bagshot Park, partly adjoining the Royal preserves. The whole Property comprising about 400 acres, and offering most eligible occupations and safe investments for capital of various amounts, particularly to adjoining landowners, with many desirable spots for building.-Particulars may be had at the neighbouring inns of Edward Futvoye, Esq., solicitor, Bedford-row and of Messrs. Daniel & Son, land agents, In Windsor, and Waterloo-place Pall-mall, Leasehold Ground-rents and Improved Rente, In Bentinck-street, Cavendish-square, and Hereford-street, Park-lane. T. ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will will SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on Wednesday. Jan. 18, at Twelve, by order of the executrix of a lady deceased, sundry GROUND RENTS, arising from house and premises in Bentinck-street, Cavendish-square, and Marylebone-lane, under the Duke of Portland also certain Snares in the Improved Rents of two handsome Houses in Hereford-street, Hyde-park.-Full particulars may be had at the Auction Mart at the Coackmaker's Arms, one of the houses of Messrs. Malton and Trollope, solicitors, Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn and at Messrs. Smith's offices, in Waterloo-place. Preventing rupture, and checking increase of corpulency to those inclined to that habit, but alike comfortable and beneficial to thin as well as stout with a Plate-Coffin of Sutton, the Founder of the Charter-taise-Recent Discoveries in Subterranean London-Review of Hewitt's Germany-Poems by the late Marquess Wellesley, foe With Literary and Scientific Intelligence-Reports of Antiquarian and Architectural Societies-Historical Chronicle-Obituary, with Memoirs of Sir M. O'Loghlen. Sir Jeha Cross, General Sir G.T. Walter, Rev. Dr. Heath, Lady Callcott, Mr. William Hone, Mr. John Varley, foe. Price 2s. fid. W. Pickering, Piccadilly.

===== icdar2017_train_en_47_468 =====
SECRETARY WANTED.-The Projector of a Public Company, now in course of formation, require a SECRETARY, who must be of first-rate address, thoroughly conversant with business, and of highly respectable connections. He will be required to invest £1,000 in shares. Salary to commence In a few months, about £200 per annum at first, and increasing with the success of the undertaking.-Address pre-paid to C. F. Messrs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_376 =====
The Castro from Rio Janeiro to Hamburg, on the 4th ult., in lat. 26, long. 34. Ariadne from Hamburg to Valparaiso, on the 29th, in lat. 43, long. 16, by the Johannes, arrived at Falmouth. The Ranger packet from Falmouth to Rio Janeiro, in lat. 7 N long. 26 W., by the Catharipa Dorcthea, arrived off Falmouth. The Columbia from Liverpool to New York, on the 17th ult., in lat. 42, long. 40, with loss of sails, c., and supplied by the OllRda, arrived at Cork. The Bidaon from Liverpool to Calcutta, out seven days, in lat. 61, long. 9, by the Ratchford, arrived at Waterford. The Clyde, from Liverpool to Charleston, in long. 22 W., out 38 days, by the Sesostris, arrived at Belfast. INWARDS AT THE CUSTOM-HOUSE, DEC.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_387 =====
Saturday night, about half-past seven o'clock, an accident occurred to the Phoenix Dover Coach, which had just arrived from Dover, at the Bricklayer's Arms, in the Old Kent-road. The coachman had got down from the box, as customary, giving the horses in charge to a man at their heads. Several of the passengers also got down, having three others, two gentlemen and a boy, on the right of. In a few minutes the leaders were startled by the sudden smacking of a carter's whip, and notwithstanding all the efforts of the man to stop them, set off at full gallop, through the gate in the New Kent-road, and proceeded at a tremendous pace, with the reins dragging at their heads, towards Westminster-bridge. The passengers on the outside were in the greatest terror, and the shouts of the people in their endeavours to stop the horses but increased the animals' speed. They passed the Elephant and Castle without coming in contact with any of the numerous omnibuses plying there, and pursued their course along the St. George's-road, to the Marsh-gate, in the Westminster-round, through which they dashed without the least damage. By the time the horses reached the foot of Westminster-bridge they began to slacken their speed, and the two gentlemen clambered over the roof of the coach and descended behind, but the boy was afraid to attempt it. Just as the horses reached the centre of the bridge a boy with a truck, another branch Dover coach, and a brewer's dray, were coming in an opposite direction, and there being no room for them to pass, they all came with fearful violence against the dray, and by the collision the coach was overturned and the lad was thrown violently on to the pavement, and miraculously escaped unhurt. One of the leaders was killed on the spot and the forepart of the coach was smashed to pieces. The lad drawing the truck fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. The damage done to the coach is very considerable. Friday last this town and neighbourhood were visited with a most terrific thunder storm, which did much damage in many places. Mr. Ellis, of Viarhouse, has suffered to a considerable extent his house was struck with the electric fluid, which rent the gables, almost every pane of glass in the windows were smashed, and much damage was done to the furniture. A servant girl, who had a knife in her hand, which attracted the lightning, was severely injured and another servant girl is also greatly burnt. The children and nursery-maid were all in the nursery, seated round the fire, and the entire room with the exception of the part they were in, was destroyed by the lightning. All the china, delph, and glass are destroyed, and the house, with the exception of a parlour and bedroom over it, is past repairing. The pendulum of the clock was twisted like a screw. Never had any family a more miraculous escape from so awful a visitation. The loss of property to Mr. Ellis exceeds £200. As far as we can learn, there has been no loss of human life, but the loss of cattle and other property throughout the country is considerable.—Hally's Shannon Herald. DIED. December 31, aged 37, S.iaan, the beloved wife of P. Bak and daughter of J, Anat. ce, Fan.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_377 =====
31. The True Love from Batavia, Elizabeth from Jamaica, Ontario from New York, Prince George from Halifax, Dorothy from Quebec, Adventure from Terceira, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leghorn, Breeze from Bordeaux, Alexander from Guernsey, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg, and Comet from Havana. VKS8KLS HNTKRHD OUTWARDS FOR LOADING. The James for Dunkirk, Morayshire for Sydney, New South Wales, Courier for the Cape of Good Hope, Teresa for Trieste and Venice, Ontario for New York, Felia for -, Giraffe steamer for Rotterdam, and Favourite for El Alamein and St. Petersburg. VKS8KL8 CLKARKD OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The Emerald steamer for Boulogne, Ceres for Sierra Leone, Python for Antwerp and Brussels, William Jelliffe steamer for Calais, Fame for Antwerp, Monarch for Amsterdam, Emerald for Teneriffe, Nautilus for St. Lucia, Standard for Guernsey, Escalduaca for Bilbao, Antwerp steamer for Antwerp, and Anna Louisa for Bremen, the demand is trilling. In Oil 1 nothing new the article continues duel ef tale at the late redocad ralM

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_388 =====
, of Axzinn-t., after a very severe and tinkering line, which and bore with the most exalted and charlatan resignation. On the 30th November, at his house, Tottenham Green, Bajaa. In Cambridge-street, Coventry August Square, on the youngest daughter of John Williams, Esq., la orr Majesty's Receipted Exchequer. On the 24th ult., at St. Michael's, near Lerpot, Abigail, the wife of David Dockry. On the 27th ult. Thomas Blinn, of Mount Vernon's, Liverpool, a member of the Society of Friends. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Morning.,.

===== icdar2017_train_en_50_362 =====
deep as not to be touched by the plough for, if not, and the dralus be made of tiled, so it remained in their the bankrupts' books, until 1833, when William and Charles Ridge took out the £10,000 as residuary legatees, and then restored the debt of Fry and Co. to its original amount of £48,000. Beside these palpable frauds, they paid legacy duty of £9,256 8s. 10d. upon their father's will, and Sir Commissioner Fane. That was a fraud which was the cause of expense to them, as you say they had nothing to receive under their father's will. Mr. Chambers. That might, sir, be so, but it was done with a view to deceive their customers, in order ultimately to benefit themselves. Mr. Charles Ridge had lived for years at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and that, although he must have known the bank to be in a state of hopeless insolvency. From a statement of their affairs put before the Court of Review in a former stage of these proceedings, their real deficiencies from 1828 were these: in 1829, £51,400; in 1830, £51,900; in 1831, £46,000; in 1832, £47,000; in 1833, £42,000; in 1834, £48,000; in 1835, £52,000; in 1838, £59,000; in 1837, £62,000; in 1838, regards effect and cheapness, they should always be made narrow at the bottom. The width of the raju at the top should be thirteen inches, and at the bottom about four inches, and in that width, he knew by experience, there was plenty of room for a man to use a spade and work. In filling the arains, he would recommend stones, when they could be had, for they were more effective than tiles.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_642 =====
Addressed to Thomas Clarkson, Esq. By J. H. Hammond. Columbia, United States. A Planter and Slave-Owner hailing from a place called Silver Bluff in which we fancy something so expressive of the gentleman that it we can hardly imagine him to be more aptly located, unless indeed it were at Brazen Bluff, which might be better still finds that having abundant leisure it will be a recreation to him to write a couple of letters to Thomas Clarkson. Accordingly, in some spare intervals of Julep, Cocktail, Moral Suasion and the like, and with the flavour of these strong drinks rather hot upon him, he goes ahead at a pace which we believe is familiarly compared in his own country to greased lightning and shows that Slavery, as now existing in America, is a sacred, holy, blessed institution expressly founded and commanded by Almighty God, and not to be disputed but by infidels and blasphemers. The gates of Heaven are barred, says the Ordinary to Jonathan Wild, against all revilers of the clergy. They are barred, and double-locked, and bolted, says religious Hammond, against all revilers of Slavery. It will be immediately seen that J. H. Hammond is a pious man.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_644 =====
He could only have been restrained from denouncing them, as he did the 'lex talionis,' because he knew that, in despite of these barbarities, the Institution of Slavery was at the bottom a sound and wholesome as well as lawful one. We have no doubt in our own mind, now, that the miraculous draught of fishes, and the few small fishes that were the subject of the Miracle, had all been fed on slaves and that they were especially selected by the Divine Preacher of the Sermon on the Mount, by reason of their sound and wholesome fattening. But Slavery in America is not only surrounded by the halo of religion, it appears it is embellished with a poetry peculiar to itself. Our patriarchal scheme of domestic servitude is indeed well calculated to awaken the higher and finer feelings of our nature. It is not wanting in its enthusiasm and its poetry. The relations of the most beloved and honoured chief, and the most faithful and admiring subjects, which from the time of Homer have been the theme of song, are frigid and unfelt compared with those existing between the master and his slaves—who served his father, and rocked his cradle, or have been born in his household, and look forward to serve his children—who have been through life the props of his fortune, and the objects of his care—who have partaken of his griefs, and looked to him for comfort in their own—whose sickness he has so often watched over and relieved—whose holidays he has so often made joyous by his bounties and his presence for whose welfare when absent his anxious solicitude never ceases, and whose hearty and affectionate greetings never fail to welcome him home. How strange it is how striking an example of the perversity of human nature—of black human nature, at all events that from all this Homeric poetry these happiest human beings on whom the sun shines in its course will run away perpetually! filling the newspapers in the Slave States, so surely as their publication days come round, with advertisements descriptive of their gashed and rotten persons, at which the wicked stomachs of infidels sicken, and against which the whole soul of man rebels! The God-appointed owners are 'the fathers' of the slaves, 'their shepherds,' everything that is Arcadian, patriarchal, and protective—Hammond says a thousand times. But mark the sudden descent from the Cross, the rapid fall from Heaven to Earth, the flying off of Mrs. Cole, at a tangent, from Squintem to the black-eyed girl of Rosemary lane, which is revealed in the following short paragraph. The only honest one in fifty pages. Nay, supposing that we were all convinced, and thought of slavery precisely as you do, at what era of 1 moral 'suffering' do you imagine you could prevail on us to give up a thousand millions of dollars in the value of our slaves, and a thousand millions of dollars more in the depreciation of our lands, in consequence of the want of labourers to cultivate them? Consider were ever any people, civilized or savage, persuaded by any argument, Human or Divine, to surrender voluntarily two thousand millions of dollars? Even Pious Hammond's Piety comes down to dollars. Come! Buy us oft', says Hammond, and we'll soon accommodate our Bibles to the bargain. You shall have them, in, if you will only buy us. Yet Hammond thinks that when a base dollar bears a blasphemous presentment of the author of all goodness on its front, it will be taken for celestial coin, and will have your true angelic ring. The Devil is never so simple as when he quotes Scripture for his own ends. Hammond defies public opinion. As for the suggestion, to exclude slaveholders from your London clubs, says he, we scout it. Many of us, indeed, do go to London, and we have seen your breed of gawky Lords both there and here—he seems to have contemplated the breed with a true dealer's eye, by the way— but it never entered into our conception to look on them as better than ourselves. Nor can we be annoyed by the ridiculous airs of such upstarts as your O'Connells, Ritchies, Macaulays, and the like.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_645 =====
But, oh Godlike-Hammond, we can be annoyed - we can be made very restless and uneasy in our slave-poetry-surrounded beds-by the idea of any foreign nation being so lost to every sentiment of civilized humanity as to attempt to erect among us the standard of revolt, or to invade us with Black Troops, for the base and barbarous purpose of stirring up servile war. And when that dreadful hour of retribution shall arise—as it must one day from some dark quarter, if men like you perpetuate this system of atrocious infamy and wrong, this scandal to the truth and justice of mankind—may some scant grain of truth among the monstrous distortions of it which are unblushingly put forth to shield the crime of trafficking in human life and liberty, some grateful recollection in the breast of an old slave for some old momentary kindness done, preserve the doer from that Red Sea in which the host of charioteers whose cars are dragged by slaves through a false land, assuming to be free, shall surely vanish from the earth! Not to-day, O Lord! O not to-day, but in the fulness of their blind resistance to the dictates of Humanity and Right, in the noontide of their outrageous prostitution of the names of Liberty and of Religion, raise up thine instruments of vengeance from among the lashed and miserable beings crouching at their feet, and strike them down with the accumulated wrath of Generations! 1 There is no effort that any abolitionist Society in any part of the world could make, that would serve the cause of abolition half so well as the wide dissemination of such pamphlets as this. They should be reprinted by scores of thousands. Their incredible audacity, and their miserable feebleness, are means more potent towards the great end than any that ingenuity could devise.

===== icdar2017_train_en_18_645-b =====
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia, and Overland from Adelaide to King George's Sound. By Edward John Eyre, Resident Magistrate, Murray River. Two vols. Boone. These expeditions were made in 1840 and '41, but the author's subsequent official employments in South Australia delayed the publication of his book. The greater part of the second volume is devoted to an account of the Manners and Customs of the Aborigines, and of the state of their relations with Europeans. In undertaking his expeditions into the northern interior of Australia, Central Australia, by the way, he cannot be said to have penetrated. Mr Eyre represented the general body of colonists, and took part in the pecuniary as well as personal risk but received the general sanction of the Government, and some particular aids from them. The hope was that these expeditions might lead to the discovery of a good country, or at any rate open an available route across the Continent. In both points anticipation failed and the actual result is as dreary as can be well imagined. Mr Eyre discovered no important rivers, laid open no fertile regions for future colonization. He found nothing but a sterile and desolate wilderness. Through this he toiled for more than twelve months, in the midst of dangers and sufferings which proved fatal to three of his small party. These appear to have been indeed appalling. Their supplies were exhausted, they had to kill and eat their horses, and but for a lucky accident at last, must surely have perished. His narrative has the interest of a sturdy and gallant perseverance, unrewarded but by the sense of duty; interest of any other kind it has necessarily little. But this is much in itself. Mr Eyre writes with the plain unaffected earnestness of the best of the old travellers. It is not to be omitted, besides, that several important geographical observations were made and that Mr Eyre's failure suggested schemes for success in other directions. Naturally, he is not sanguine as to these, but he speaks with warm enthusiasm of the effort at present in progress by Captain Sturt, to lift the veil from that still mysterious interior, which he failed himself to raise. It is a year since Captain Sturt set out, and, by communications since received from him, it would appear that he is sanguine of having realized the long hoped-for sea, and of having at last found a key to the centre of the continent. A brief extract will show the general character of Mr Eyre's narrative, and the sufferings far from the most desperate of his party. March 9.-Moving on early, we passed through a similar country to that we had before traversed, but there was more of the lea-tree scrub, which made our travelling more difficult and fatiguing.

===== icdar2017_train_en_42_192 =====
any advertisement in the newspapers. The case remains to be decided. It naturally excited much interest among the amateurs and mystics, who crowded the Court, awaiting anxiously the trial on Wednesday charged with having pretended to foretell the fortunes of several young girls. Susie Schofield, a pretty girl, about 16 years of age, went about a month ago to the lodgings of the prisoner, in Webber Square, Shoreditch, and requested to have her for tune told, Mrs. Carr produced a pack of cards, which she shuffled, and divided into several parcels, and said, the witness would have some very soon, but it would end to her satisfaction—that she would be married before she was 19, and would have nine children, all boys! !—that her husband would be a tall thin young man, of a darkish complexion. Mary Bell, another good-looking girl, who appeared to be about the same age, said, that she was with Susan Schofield when she had her fortune told, as was also another girl. Mrs. Carr told all their fortunes, after going through a deal of ceremony with the cards. She told this girl also that she would have great many children, all of whom would be very like their father ! !—The girl paid six shillings for telling three of them their fortunes. Elizabeth I, another fortune-teller, was also examined before the same Magistrate. The prisoners were convicted as rogues and vagabonds, and committed to the Home of Correction till the Sessions. ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, Saw. The Walpole Tindaraan went ashore on Sunday at ten, A. M. off Margate, though the ship is totally lost, the whole of the Officers, the crew and passengers, got safe on the shore. Mr. Sutton, the Chief Officer, had his arm badly fractured by the wheel, on the ship's striking. The greater part of the cargo is expected to be saved. Capt. Bidders ton, of the Parthian slip of war, lately, murdered on board that vessel when getting under weigh from Plymouth to Corunna, was a native of Dover, in his twentieth year, and universally esteemed. James Smith, the Master Vmatf, by whose hand he fell, is about 25 years old, and son of a British Planter resident at Santa Crus. Revenge for being disrated by Capt. Balderston, was the cause of this wicked act. The pistol which he used was loaded with two balls, one of which was cut in four pieces. After loading the pistol he sat down coolly to dinner, observing to his messmates that it was the last time he should dine with them and striking his hand violently against the table, he exclaimed, "I know what I have been disrated for, and will be ill-rated if I don't be revenged ! He then rushed on deck, and shot Capt. Balderston, who survived only an hour and a half, and in excruciating pain. The murderer was instantly fired by Lieut. Stevenson, and conveyed on board of the J Salvador del Miyady. So far from expressing contrition, he declared that nothing but hurry of passion prevented his loading another pistol, with which it was his intention to have dispatched Letit. Stevenson also, as he had only had half his revenge.—He was tried on Monday, and found guilty of the murder, making no defence. Early on Sunday morning, the body of a respectably dressed man was found in the road leading from the bottom of Gray's-Iiia-laue road to Camden-town. It proved to be Mr. Pester, a grazier, who resided in Cross-street, Portland-street. He left home after dinner, as he said, for a walk, and is supposed to have died from the inclemency of the wind. Yesterday week blew down one of the Gentry boxes in St. James's Park, near Duke-street. Tim Centinel was in it at the time, and was so much bruised that he was taken to the Hospital with little hope of recovery. BIRTHS. Last week a butcher's wife, in Banff, Scotland, was delivered of three children, two boys and a girl, who, with the mother, are all in a fair way.

===== icdar2017_train_en_27_608 =====
-The F., I'ATHIC ESTABLISHMENT, at Sudbrook Surrey, is now in full operation., under the personal superintendence of the eminent Joseph Weiss, M.D., from Freiwaldau, and 'ateoi Stanstead Bury, formerly the coadjutor of Vincent Preissnirz, at Graefenberg. The beautiful domain of Sudbrook, upwards of 100 acres, forms the western boundary of the Royal park of Richmond, to nich the patients enjoy the privilege of immediate access by a private entrance. The plunge and other baths, with the pleasure grounds, have undergone recent and great improvements. There is a spa and salle-a-® ger, and an excellent billiard and drawing rooms. The terms of the establishment vary from three guineas per week and upwards according to the apartments , which includes medical attendance, board, lodging, and servants. Dr Weiss may be consulted every day at Sud brook park, at 28 Sackville street, Piccadilly, for the convenience of parties visiting to consult him in SWINDON, MARLBOROUGH, DEVIZES, and SALISBURY RAILWAY, with Branches to Poole and Southampton. Capital, £1,280,000, in 6-4,005 Shares of £20 each. Deposit, £2 2s. fid. per Share. Provisionally Registered according to 7th and 8th Act., c. 110. PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE. The Right Hon.

===== icdar2017_train_en_6_232 =====
Paul's, Tiverton, offered by the Lord of R Orme Webb. R. N., was entertained by the Corporation at a complementary banquet last evening. The funeral of Mr. Charles Wilson, wife, of the Rev. C. Wilson, formerly pastor of Bherwill Chapel, Plymouth, took place at Plymouth Cemetery this morning. The Lord Coleridge was sued in the Westminster County Court yesterday for £35 repairs done to the premises of a club in Grafton-street of which he is hon. secretary. Judge Lumley Smith held that defendant was not liable, and dismissed the action.

===== icdar2017_train_en_6_231 =====
ioaI W. H. Parkin. Mayor.of odmin, yeeterday after a long illness. Min Maud Bramwel . of Penzance, ha won Hopluooon gold medal at the Royal College of Music. !

===== icdar2017_train_en_4_225 =====
Came in our Prince Charles, Lang, Betty, ■ - ■ from Oporto. Mary, from Lisbon. Arrived at other Ports. Union, from Madeira, at South Carolina. at Antigua. Planter, Lavers, from South Carolina, at Cowes. Sailed J Titeup, Backhouse, and P. Cecix, Vye, for Ireland. Imported our From Oporto. 342 Pipes, 11 1 Quarter Cask Portugal Wine. 20 Baskets, Onions. 220 C. Cork. 30 Bags Sumach. 20 Hams. From Dingle. 2 Hhds. Tallow, 4 Hhds. Coney Skins, For the Benefit of Mr.

===== icdar2017_train_en_4_221 =====
No Confidence in any of the National Troops, their warm Allegiance of Loyalty, Fidelity, and to the Germans. It is every Day more and more in Bavaria, that the People are discontented, and wait only an Opportunity of taking Arms the which springs chiefly from that Spirit of Loyalty, for which the Bavarians have been always famous. The following Bishops took the Oaths and their Seat in the House of Peers, viz. Dr. Thomas, Bishop of Lincoln, Lif le Bishop of St. Asaph, and Trevor, Bishop of St.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_213 =====
Morgan harmoniumist, Miss P. Jenkins. On Christmas night, in the same place, an entertainment was given, consisting of song, solos, recitations, etc. Mr Joe Pykes and party gave the sketches entitled John Mason's Rescue, and A Domineering Wife. Songs by Miss Blackburn, Durham Miss Henderson, Witton Park and Miss Lawyers and Miss Masgrave. High Grange, were rendered at intervals. Mr Peacock and Miss P. Jenkins presided at the harmonium. Saturday afternoon a sale of work and Christmas tree was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The opening ceremony was performed by Dr. Hewitson, of St. John's Chapel, accompanied by Mrs Hewitson, who were introduced by the Rev. R. Walton. The stall-holders were: Mrs R. Walton, Mrs Moore, Mrs John Kidd, Mrs Jos. Kidd, Mrs Freeman, Mrs Lee, Mrs J. Walton, Miss Maddison, Mrs Furness, Miss Herdman, Miss Kidd, Misses Forster, Miss Ixonsdale, Messrs Barkus, Furness, Moses, T. Walton, and J. Forster. A public tea and supper were also provided, to which a large number of people sat down.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_216 =====
-The Mayor then rhetorizes, and in the course of his remarks said it was the duty of every member of the Board to make the happy as possible at this festival season. He also stated that he and the This was the average rate over 27 years Applause. -Other friends present included Messrs R. Rutherford, V. Harrison, J. Lincoln, J. Clough, R. Curtis, Burrough, Bionbridge, Southeron, he.-At Suth-road Chapel there was sacred concert-Miss M. Crawford soloist. Mr G. Dyson manipulated a series of limelight views, and Mr J. Ramsden presided. At Councillor Lufford's orphanage the cosy rooms were brightened with toys, decorations, and presents, of which the children received a large share. The Baptist and Primitive ministers, and Mr Nichol, Mr Wood, c. were visitors and speakers.- The annual performance of Mrs Rayner's music pupils took place in the Edgar Memorial before a select company. Solos and duet were undertaken with success by Misses P. Burden, L. Rowintree, Hutchinson, Heslop, Wilkinson, Kilhurn 2 , Redman, L. Woo-1, Rayner 3 , M. Balgarnie, Frank, E, Brithwnite, I. Wood, Goaw, M Callum 2 , Live-ay 2 , and Masters Proud, G Gage, and Harburu. Miss Rowtrice is a pupil of Mrs Inch, of Darlington. The High School choir sang at intervals. The Wesleyans held a sale of work in the British Schools, opened by one of the ministers. A public tea was also in the programme, and the by-the-attractioun included carol concert, magic lantern, musical drill, and maypole, under the direction of Mrs Chinn, c. RIPON. The Mayor and Corporation, in their robes of office, attended service at the Cathedral, which was decorated. The Dean preached an appropriate sermon from St. Matthew's Gospel, ii. 22 At the afternoon service the Christmas portions of the Messiah Houdel were sung from, For behold to Glory to God. An address was given by the Rev. S. Reed, precentor. A special service was held at Trinity Church, and carol services at Zion Chapel and Allhallowgate Mission Room Trinity parish . The Workhouse inmates had the customary special fare. The Bishop of Ripon preached at the Cathedral on Sunday night in aid of the navvy mission.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_216-b =====
NORTHALLERTON. The Northallerton Rifle and Temperature Bands perambulated the town. The inmates of the Cottage Hospital and the Workhouse dined off special fare. At All Saints' Church the usual charities were dispensed by the Vicar and church wardens, and there were special services, for which the church was appropriately decorated. RICHMOND. The various places of worship were decorated. At the Parish Church Miss Wicks sang the solos in the carols, and the Rev. A. C. Briggs rendered The Star of Bethlehem. Midnight mass was held at the Convent, and during Christmas Eve the Corporation Band played. The usual treat given by the Gumdias was held at the Work-house, which was prettily decorated, and the repast was served up in splendid style by Mr and Mrs Brierley, the matron and matron. Assisting at the tables were Captain, Mrs, and Miss Geraldine Walker. Mr C. G. and Miss Tate, Major and Misses Mason, Dr. Carter and Mr Carter. Mr Wensley and the Misses Hunton, Sir Robert Himpson, Sir John Hall, and Mr William Jestriers. The Marchioness of Zetland gave tea, etc., besides inviting the inmates to Aske Hall on Thursday next. Mrs Roper gave tea, sugar, tobacco, and cakes. Miss Barclay, followed. A Christmas tree and a stall of work formed a great attraction to the festival. On Saturday evening the Middleton Band held a social evening in the Lead Company's schoolroom, which was well patronised. The Pride of Middleton Lodge of Druids held their annual festival on Saturday. A full report will appear in the Auckland Chronicle of this week. and Mrs G. Y.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_201 =====
The North Allerton and Thirsk fire brigades were summoned, but unfortunately the supply of water was practically none, and the efforts of the firemen were directed towards saving the servants' quarters and the stabling and other outbuildings, but the hall was completely gutted, only the hair walls being left standing. The blaze was seen for miles away. The damage done amounts to several thousands of pounds, and includes the jewellery and handsome wedding presents which were presented to Mr and Mrs Swan on their marriage a little over a year ago. Fortunately there was no loss of life, as the servants were rescued from the burning building in their night clothes. The fire seems to have originated in the library, but nothing definite can be ascertained to account for the conflagration. The property is partly insured. LATER PARTICULARS.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_202 =====
The fire has done damage estimated at £15,000. Of this amount, Mr R. O'Hayton Swan's loss is estimated at between £7,000 and £8,000, and the loss of Mr John Hutton, J.P., the chairman of North Riding Quarter Sessions, the owner of the hall, a like amount, which is only partially covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is said to be due to a pipe from a stove in the library having come in contact with the beam in the floor beneath, and in consequence of its being overheated had ignited the beam. The fire was discovered by Mrs Bond, who acts as wet nurse to Mr Swan's infant daughter, who slept in the bedroom adjoining the library. The North Allerton Fire Brigade rendered efficient service in saving the servants' quarters and in preventing the fire from spreading to the stables. They were, however, not able to utilise a new steam fire-engine which they have recently purchased in consequence of its not being complete. A plentiful supply of water was obtained close by. ANOTHER ACCOUNT.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_220 =====
On Christmas morning at Meth, aad the weather was intense cold, yet a large number of persons attended the early communion services held at both churches, which were beautifully decorated with Holy Trinity Church, tastefully decorated. The members of the P Company 2nd Vol. Batt. D L L marched to and from the former church in the morning, headed by their head. The usual treat of roast beef and plum pudding was given to the inmates of the Teesdale Union Workhouse, and the festivities were continued in the evening. A public entertainment was provided at night by the youth pcopto of the Primitive Methodist Society. Mr A. Hilton presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Part 1. consisted of miscellaneous items, and a Christmas cantata, The Frost Queen, made up a good second part. the characters being ably represented. The third part was a performance by twelve members of the Boys' Brigade by kind permission of the Rev. A, H. Ford . Some interesting drill exercises were gone through in a most creditable manner, under the command of Sergt. Quelch, of the 3rd D.L.I. Shildon.-At the Parish Church of St. John's special and appropriate services were held, the offertory being devoted to the fund for the sick and aged. The Wesleyan Methodists at Old Shildon had their annual bazaar, its object on this occasion being to raise funds for the Sunday School Building Extension Fund. Mr Kellet, of Bishop Auckland, appropriately discharged the opening function. Mesdames Marquis, Rod, Ritson, Brown, Richardson, and Jameson, the Misses Ritton, Mabey, Brunskil, James, and Tyson presided over the variant stalls, and were tMy assisted by Ritton, Watson, Robson, Muggeridge, Coaxes, Smedloy, and Brabben. A grand concert was given in the evening by the New Bildon Wesleyan Choir, under the leadership of Mr WT Metcalfe.-The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants had their annual tea, and afterwards and journeyed to a concert given by the Temperance Brass Band, under the leadership to Mr W, Gibbon, the proceeds of tea and concert to be given to rise orphan fund. A sale of work was opened on Saturday in the New Shildon Wesleyan Schools, and continued on Christmas Day. On Saturday on Sunday morning, the extensive warehouse of Messrs Richardson and Cellitt, general and fancy goods dealers in Prince Regent-street, Stockton, was burnt. About 1.40 a m. P.O. Fetherstone observed that the building was on fire and promptly communicated with the fire brigade. The fire station being situated in the north street the brigade, with engine, hose reel, and steamer, under the command of Capt. Appleby, were able to be on the spot within a minute after the information was received. The building was in a mass of damage, and the effort of the brigade were mainly directed to saving the adjacent property, and having a good supply of water they were able to confine the conflagration to the warehouse. Nearly the whole of the stock was burnt, and the building was considerably damaged, nothing but the walls remaining. It is not known how the fire originated. The stock is insured.

===== icdar2017_train_en_56_220-b =====
NORTHERN IRON TRADE THE OPERATIVES AND THE SLIDING SCALE. A special private meeting of the operative delegates of the North of England Board of Conciliation and Arbitration for the Iron and Steel Trade was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Darlington, on Saturday, to consider the offer of the employers made at the last meeting—the renewal of the sliding-scale on the old basis. The whole of the works of the North of England were represented, and Mr William Kettley sided. There was a strong feeling that certain action of the Stockton Malleable Company had the offer of the employers made it difficult for the operatives to favourably consider the employers' offer or to accept it. After a long disenchantment, however, it was unanimously resolved that the operative could not accept the offer of the employers until the action of the Stockton Malleable Company was thoroughly gone into, and a guarantee given that in the event of the workmen accepting the offer of the employers, it should be strictly adhered to, and that no firm should endeavour to induce the workmen to accept a private reduction during the continuance of the scale. A resolution was passed to the effect that the question of the shortening of hours in the iron and steel mills in the district should be dealt with.

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_334 =====
•• In carrying out the line, but little difficulty will be experienced in getting through Parliament as to the part between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, i.e., much as all questions with the landowners have been settled in the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Company, but subsequently abandoned by them for want of funds. The geological character of nearly the entire line is the chalk formation, furnishing materials of the most favourable description, both for cuttings and embankments, and the road, when once made, may be maintained at the minimum expense. The most expensive part of the line is between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, and time required for its completion would be about three years. - This part of the line has, however, extensive advantages, forming as it does the key to all railroads to the metropolis coming in this direction from the north, as well as from Norwich and all other parts of Norfolk, Lincolnshire, Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk, and some portion of the county of Middlesex, thereby insuring a good dividend to the shareholders upon that portion of the capital expended in forming it. The obtaining the proprietorship of this part of the line is therefore most important. No tune will be required from Cambridge to Yarmouth, a distance of nearly eighty miles, and there are no extraordinary deep cuttings nor embankments, and only one viaduct, and no deep ravines or rapid rivers to cross, whilst the materials are of such an excellent quality of cuttings that they may be cut upright, and a large portion of the land is of so inferior a quality that its purchase will form an inconsiderable item in the expenditure, and the line does not pass through or interfere with any gentleman's park or pleasure grounds, nor in any way pass in an objectionable manner through any whole line will form an easy and expeditious means of communication from, to, and between Cambridge, Newmarket, the Ffawffhams, Erdham, Soham, Mildenhall, Thetford, Brandon, Harlow, the Buckenhams, Kennioghall, Attleborough, Hingham, Wymondham ' Norwich, and Yarmouth, affording facilities for branches from Ware, Hertford, Huntingdon, St. Neots, Ely i.e., ur y gt. Edmund's, Downton, Swaffham, Dereham Lvnn, and thence to Wisbech, Stamford, and the whole of the improving and important district of the Great Bedford Level of the Kens and also forming the natural communication between the metropolis and the contemplated new district of the Great Level of the these populous cities, towns, and villages, there can be no doubt but that the passenger traffic along this line will be immense. And the line between Cambridge and Yarmouth can be made in the short space of two years, whilst that from Bishops Stortford will require only one year longer, so that this entire line will be open to the public in three years. •• The cost between Cambridge and Norwich is estimated at a less sum per mile than any other railway in the kingdom of so great an extent can be made for, this part of the line extending for six-and-three miles. •• The cost between Norwich and Yarmouth is estimated at a still less sum per mile, this part of the line extending over about eighteen miles, and giving the greatest possible facility to the fishing fleet to the metropolis and the interior of the country, and forming the most advantageous and station in the kingdom for the northern foreign mail packets. Also produced an estimate of the expenses of the formation of the line, together with a calculation of the traffic from data carefully collected, showing a profitable return to the shareholders for the capital to be invested. The resolution was put by the Chairman, and carried unanimously. Mr. [name] handed to the chairman a letter from the sheriff of Norwich, expressing his decided approval of the meeting, and the proposed line of railway. Mr. Bignold proposed the third resolution, which was seconded by E. Varnish, Esq., and carried unanimously. It was as follows—That John P. Rastrick, Esq.

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_346 =====
in very few cases in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being affected by the malady but we observe that in Yorkshire the disease has extended to all kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. Fortunately, we cannot yet complain of any such extended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has been worse than the reality. Veterinary authorities are not yet agreed as to whether the disease is propagated by contagion or atmospheric influence,-Glatyow purposes. Several of the farmers expressed themselves as entertaining a similar opinion.

===== icdar2017_train_en_51_354 =====
The Ann from St. Petersburg, Balfour from Pernambuco and Puralba, Jane Geary from Smyrna, Caroline from Seville, Doverci-i from Quebec, and Orion from Gamla Carleby. SHIPS ENTERED FOR LOADING. The Ann and Jane for Kerbice, Nicolai for Bremen, Bririm Constantinople, Lord Panmure and Rapidc for Havannah, IriihLui for Monte Video and Buenos Ayres, Rob Roy for Philadelphia, Bo I-var for Rio Janeiro, Jane for St. Thomas's, and Samaritan for Istanbul and Odessa. SHIPS CLEARED OUTWARDS.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_330 =====
the half-yearly amount of the dock duties was made up. It presents the startling feature of an increase over the corresponding half-year of 1826. the number of vessels which have entered the port even exceed the corresponding half-year of the celebrated year 1825. SOUND LIST. Dec. 18 -The Monarch, Harrison, of Whitby, from Memel, put into Copenhagen, leaky, on the 15th. The ships mentioned in our last remain. Winds-Dec. 9,10, W N, 12, S 13, S to SE 14, 15, S to SW. 18, SW. 17, W. 18, SW. HULL-FOREIGN ARRIVED-From surviving relative, a grandfather. aged 23, Miss Reid, only daughter of David near Karmoy. She was to have been married to c Mr. Dragoon Guards, on Tuesday morning 8th her night-dress on lire, and as a dreadfully burnt that she expired two days Bouch Ann, Walker. Quebec, Foster, Bennett. Iliya, Betsey Black, Forman.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_314 =====
On Thursday morning, an attempt was made to rob the horse post from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, by two ruffians, one of whom seized the reins of the horse, and the other struck the rider so violent a blow as nearly to force him from the saddle. The villain who had seized the reins, however, lost his hold, and the rider escaped with the letter bags in safety. The town of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday in the week before last, was in a most extraordinary state of excitation, from the discovery of the exhumation of several bodies from the churchyard of that parish, by a gang of resurrection men. It is supposed there have not been less than twenty bodies removed, as well as many others from the neighbouring churchyards. Two of the resurrection men are in custody. We understand that, within a few days, accounts, if possible still more disheartening than before, as to the American affairs of Messrs. Jeremiah and William Thompson, of Rawden, have reached this country.-Leeds Intelligencer.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_309 =====
C. by giving their sanction to the undertaking I will feel assured, under these circumstances, that the success of this gentleman, upon the occasion in question, will be fully adequate to the opinion so generally entertained of his ability. Miss Foote.-We very much regret that the friends of the above lady, whose talents we admire, should think it necessary to propagate the most absurd and fulsome puffs in her praise. Such conduct is unwise, as well as unjust to the public, and can be of no service to Miss F. Our attention has been called to this subject by observing a long article in two London papers, dated from this town, and quoted at the bottom Hull Paper, full of the most contemptible falsehoods, not one word of which ever appeared in any paper published here. The article commences by telling the reader that in the olden time these are the very words used, the taste for theatricals was at a very low ebb in Hull, but that Miss Foote and Mr. Downe had contrived to infuse a new and better feeling! This is merely ridiculous, but the next statement, unless the offspring of the grossest ignorance, is a wilful lie. It says, on her last year's visit Miss F. received 300 guineas for six nights, besides having the gratification of placing a large sum at the disposal of the treasury. Miss F., as most of our readers know, was never engaged in Hull until the present season, and therefore could neither receive 300 guineas on her last year's visit, nor aid the treasury by leaving any sum at its disposal! The paragraph then states that Miss F. played Juliet and Maria Darlington four nights, that every box was taken for four nights! and that she sung "Buy a Broom" three times, i.e., had a double encore on each night of her performance! False, every word! We repeat, that such impudent trash as the above can be of no service to Miss Foote, and it would be prudent in that lady to suggest to her friends, how little necessity there can be for them to push their zeal to such unjustifiable lengths.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_309-b =====
On Wednesday last, a boy named Thomas Brown, was pushing a boat off from the vessel on which he was standing in the Old Harbour, when he unfortunately lost his balance and fell into the water, between the vessel and the boat, and was drowned. The body was not found till Saturday, and an inquest was held over it the same day, before George Coulson, Esq. coroner, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was about eleven years old. Yesterday, at the Mansion-House, Mr. S. Alcock was convicted in treble costs, for levying a distress to the amount of 12s. farthing, and charging costs thereon 6s. farthing, being 1s. more than the rate fixed by Act of Parliament.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_316 =====
-About nine o'clock on the same night, Mr. R. Hoyle, farmer, of Heighington, was struck a violent blow by some unseen person, near the National School, and being made insensible thereby, was robbed of about £16, retaining his watch and about £3. On Saturday night week, the warehouse lately belonging to Mr. Cuttill, but now to Messrs. Hooker and Co.

===== icdar2017_train_en_45_315 =====
The Weather - Such is the present unprecedented mildness of the weather, that we are informed gooseberries are at present forming upon some trees in this neighbourhood. - Daisies were gathered upon one of the highest hills in this vicinity on Wednesday. - Bradford Courier. An accident occurred on Wednesday evening during the performance at Mr. Powell's Circus, m. - Ridge-street, - Bradford. In consequence of the crowded state of the gallery, one of the supporters broke, and part of the flooring gave way. Several females fainted from fear, but not the slightest injury was sustained by any of the audience. On Tuesday evening last, as Richard Parkinson, overlooker to Messrs. Richard Fawcett and Son, of Bradford, was returning from Horton to Bradford, about seven o'clock, he was stopped at Clayton-lane-end, near Manville House, by four men, who seized him and threw him down. After attempting to stop his mouth, they proceeded to rifle his pockets, but providentially they did not succeed in accomplishing their perform purpose. The final resolution is now taken by the parties interested in the intended navigable canal from Wakefield to Ferrybridge, to apply to Parliament during the ensuing session, for an act to make and maintain such canal. The struggle in Parliament last session between the Aire and Calder Company and the Wakefield and Ferrybridge Company was most arduous, 130 members having voted for the new canal, and 135 against it, constituting a larger number of members than was ever before known to assemble in the House of Commons to vote on an inland navigation bill. - Bradford poachers in this part of the country have now hit upon the expedient of congregating in great numbers, for the purpose of intimidating those who have the care of game pre-serves. A body of sixty or seventy men assembled in this way and went to Templenewsam, near this town, the seat of the Marchioness of Hertford, on the night of yesterday week, ten of whom were armed with guns, and the rest with sticks and bludgeons. The residents of the mansion, of course heard what was going on in the grounds, for the plunderers shot game within five yards of it, but the inmates perceiving what vast numbers were assembled, and there being comparatively few keepers and watchers at hand, they did not venture to offer any resistance. The poachers were therefore allowed to proceed in their depredations, and they brought away no small quantity of Christmas presents. Early in the morning of Thursday an express was sent off to Leeds for assistance, but the only civil power on duty were the watchmen, upwards of thirty of whom collected at six o'clock, the time at which they go off their rounds, and were despatched to Templenewsam by different routes. The poachers had, in all probability, left the grounds before their arrival, or had retired in a different direction to that in which the watchmen approached, for the poachers and the watchmen never came in contact with each other, or it is probable the result might have been serious. We have not heard that any of the party have been apprehended. Two poachers, being part of a gang from the neighbourhood of Dewsbury, were apprehended on the grounds of J. C. Brandling, Esq. of Middleton Lodge, near this town, on the night of Sunday week. One of them had two pheasants in his possession, and the other was lying upon a gun. On Tuesday they were taken before the West Riding magistrates, assembling at the office of Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, in this town, when the man who was found lying on his gun was dismissed, because it was not in his hand, and the other was fined £5. - Leeds Intelligencer. Several very bold attempts at robbery, independently of small pilferings, have occurred in Lincoln lately. On Friday night week, a noise was heard by one of the neighbours as of persons moving about in the back yard of Messrs. Norton and Whitton, near the waterside, and in the morning it was found that a most persevering attack had been made on the counting-house the door, a remarkably solid one, had resisted the efforts of the thieves, though much broken, and some of its bolts undone, yet owing to an ingenious patent lock no entry could be made. It is supposed that the thieves must have been occupied for an hour in these attempts, and that a chance light in a neighbouring tenement caused them to desist.

===== icdar2017_train_en_57_144 =====
365 SH AYES SHAVES, A V1KOLIA FOR 6° -HAVING to last a Year. the Saturday issue of the EVENING POST, CADBURY'Si COCOA, The typical Cocoa of English Manufacture, Absolutely Pure. The Analyst. NO CHEMICALS USED As in many of so-called pure h oreijn Cocoas . v Mr. Vol. CXXXII. No, 8504 EXETER SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1894. DVERTlStSMBNTS. 1 ITCATIONS ANTED

===== icdar2017_train_en_57_157 =====
HOME.-Plain writing copying recipes, good remuneration. Sample recipes, 7d. Stamps returnable if not appointed, and stamped envelope.-Guest's Novelty Co., 38, Wernpit Road, Landore, S. Wales. At the office of this Paper for all the London, Continental, and Provincial Newspapers. The most economical and speedy way of transmitting advertisements. A STROLOGY.-Marriage success. Future described, life-like description of yourself. Birthtime. Sex. Fourteen stamps.

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_545 =====
COTTAGE, called 1 FONT-HILL, near the mouth of the river, previously possessed by Major Fisher With a complete Garden and Hot-house, stocked with every furnishing useful for a Family and walled round in the most substantial manner. The Cottage contains Dining and Drawing Rooms, with Sleeping Apartments, Ac. suitable for the accommodation of a family besides Wash-house, Stable, or. with an abundant supply of fine Spring Water at the door. It combines the advantages both of a Town and Country Residence, being not more than fifteen minutes walk from the Market Cross and having excellent air. KT- a most view of the Town and Bay of Aberdeen, and of the surrounding country, for a great man the Cottage and Garden, there are about Two The whole will be sold by private bargain and may be viewed on Monday's or Saturday's, from 12 to 1 o'clock. Particular may be learnt, by applying to George Wison, Advocate in Aberdeen or Dr Dyce, the Proprietor. COMPACT AND DESIRABLE FARM, Within four miles of Aberdeen. The FARM of OUTTLEHILL, in the Parish of N'whills. on the Old Skene Road, immediately adjacent to Whitetnyrek-consisting of upwards of 74 Acres, 74 of which are Arable, and in a high state of cultivation, and sub-divided by substantial Stone Dykes, into 20 Parks of various sizes which have for some years been in Grass, and may now be broke up with considerable advantage to an incoming tenant. The whole will be let to a substantial tenant on advantageous terms. If these Lands are not let in one Farm, within three months, they will be divided into such Lots as tenants may incline, and on such length of Lease as may be agreed on. To Mr Wilson. or Mr Dyce, the will be sold, by public auction, with the Lemon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen, upon Friday the 27th July, at 6 o'clock in the evening. A Dwelling House and SHOP, with the Pertinents, situated on the East Side of the Correction Wynd of Aberdeen, formerly belonging to the deceased and now to her Trustees, and presently possessed by Thothras Coe, who will shew the premises. The title deeds and articles of sale are in the hands of Joint Smith, Advocate, Gallowgatc, to whom for further information, application may be made which are now given up. The operations of the Canal were also carrying on in the immediate neighbourhood of the town, which are now completed. These works caused a great a population in 1811, and are some of the reasons why the increase is so small. Consideration of the country part of the parishes, The Annual General Meeting of the Forbes Lodge of True Caledonians was held in the Town Hall of Old Meldrum, on Monday the 25th nth. After examining the Funds of the Lodge, which were found to have accumulated in a most satisfactory manner, it as far back as the coronation of Richard of George the First. He concluded a very elaborate speech at 2 o'clock, when the Council adjourned till Friday, on which day he resumed his argument, and was followed by Mr. Denman, after which the Privy Council again adjourned till Saturday, when they heard the Attorney and Solicitor General in reply. Mr Brougham afterwards -F. Bart, Hall, to deliberate and give judgment. The question of the Queen's right to par heemess take in the solemnity of Coronation, was denied by July 3-Fortitude, Hilson, St. David's Nimrod, Anderson, dale Expert, Stephen, Fraserburgh Ann, Stephen, Aberdeen Dart, Hall, Spey. SOUND LIST. June 20

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_541 =====
In France, the sentiment will be more deep, and perhaps not altogether a little above the beams. The Venus, Anderson. Mary Ann, Moore Henderson Patriot, Troup and Earl of Durham, 1 Livie, arrived at Quebec, the 14th May. The instant, the request to be heard, before the Privy Council, has been granted by his Majesty, and accordingly, on Thursday last, at two o'clock, the Privy Council assembled at Whitehall, to which he had received an unanimous call. On Wednesday of last week some inconsiderate persons lighted a fire near the corn yard of Newfield in Boss-shire, the property of Mr Davidson of Findhorn, with the intention of scaring crows, which were becoming destructive among the stacks. The fire part of the corn yard, and before it was possible to extinguish it, nearly five large stacks of wheat were consumed, estimated at about 30 bolls each. St. Peter's market was held at Forfar on Wednesday. It has not been so thinly attended for 4 years. Cattle were much lower in price, and the sale was heavy. Best quality, 7s. per stone inferior, C's.

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_551 =====
The Legislative Chambers are still sitting. The committee of the lower house, on the proposal for continuing the censorship on the French press, has recommended that this restriction on liberty be no longer continued. It maintains that there are laws sufficient to repress the licentiousness of the press, without this previous vassalage, or that such might be enacted. The news from Turkey continues of the usual vague and uncertain description, as there are no gazettes printed in that quarter. The Austrian Observes, printed at Vienna, on the 15th ult. says, that according to accounts from Bucharest of the 3d, the head quarters of the Turkish army, which had entered Wallachia under the orders of Hadschi Amecl Pacha was at Colentina. These troops were waiting until joined.

===== icdar2017_train_en_53_551-b =====
TIMBER FOR SALE. T. To be sold, by public auction, on Saturday the 21st inst. near Messrs. Co.'s Kope-work on the Links of Aberdeen, ' ■ FULL ENTIRE CARGO of the Brig Sir being the first imported this season consisting of 11,000 feet of YELLOW PINE, 5,000 feet of RED PINE and 1,000 feet of BIRCH. The Cargo was all lately rut ,.' and well selected, especially the Yellow Pine, which is particularly calculated for Olefting. Those in want of such, will uml itm ur interest to attend, as the whole is intended to be sold off, C. J. dit will he and pointed out the spot in which he wished his remains to be placed. His funeral, it was expected, would take place on the 10th May, the day after the sailing of the Heron. Sir Hudson Lowe states, that he shall cause the body to be interred with the honours due to a General Officer of the highest rank. The illness of the ex-Emp eror lasted in the whole six weeks, and its effects on his frame, as described by an officer who had frequent opportunities of seeing him during that period, were so powerful as nearly to reduce him to a skeleton, and to obliterate all traces of his former features. He suffered very severely at intervals, but was throughout tranquil and composed, and resigned to his fate. Though Bonaparte is supposed to have suffered much, his dissolution was so calm and serene, that not a sigh escaped him, or any intimation to the by-standers that it was so near. Bonaparte was always the inveterate enemy of this country but he paid the full forfeit and if he did us much injury by his hostility, it was also the means of calling forth so many energies, and producing such a display of patriotism on the part of the country, that it may be fairly doubted, whether he served or injured us mostly his enmity. But he is dead and the hatred which he excited when alive is buried in the grave which encloses his remains. The towering height to which he ascended the self-possession which he displayed during his meteor-like ascent the humble level from which he darted and the perfect ease which he displayed, when he alighted on that giddy 'summit, evidently proved that his griii was of the eagle kind. But if he had power in mortal, he of his force, a mounted to upwards of 10,000 men. 'The intelligence from Spain, both in the public papers and the private letters, continues to represent that country as in an extremely disturbed state. A private letter from Madrid of the 15th ult. states, that the revolutionary club at the Fontana d'Oru, in that city, continued its sittings, and the citizens repaired to it well armed. It is mentioned, that the question doubt at. ed at the club on the preceding day, related to the in- violability of the King's person and those speakers were loudly applauded, who maintained that the in violability ceased from the moment that there were any infractions of the laws, or of an oath.

===== icdar2017_train_en_28_13 =====
She cannot move against France, and yet every delay brings her nearer to bondage, for there is little doubt, if Spain becomes entirely French, that he could overwhelm her in an instant, unless a new tone has been given to the Austrian military character, a circumstance that is rarely compassed by one man or by the most ardent desire of military revenge, unless the civil character of the state has been altered before it. The petty states of Germany would attack the Emperor Francis from fear of Bonaparte, and the more important ones, which have lately become monarchies, from ambition. Bavaria would have a double motive, the pride of her new greatness, and the old hereditary jealousy against the House of Austria, which has deprived her so often of those.

===== icdar2017_train_en_19_637 =====
The facade of the Governor's house was one blaze of light, showing off very artistically the fresco decorations of the arms of England and Belgium, surrounded by wreaths of flowers and gilded scrolls, which were emblazoned on the spaces between the windows. The Hotel de Ville had the whole of its vast range of windows lighted up, five tiers of lamps running from the basement story to the roof, and pouring a flood of light upon the admiring crowds in the Grand place below. The principal gate, leading to the quay, was another object of attraction; it was surmounted by a pile of flags of all nations, the arms of England and Belgium being conspicuously displayed in the centre, stars and scrolls of gas, with the ciphers of the English and Belgian Sovereigns, were exhibited on the river front, the whole surrounded by coloured lamps, and wreaths of laurel and evergreen. The quays, however, presented the most striking and beautiful effect. Along either bank cones of fire elevated on poles extended the whole length of the city, and in the intervals lighted torches and tar barrels cast a wild and lurid light upon the crowds who poured along the quays. The Tete de Flandres, on the opposite side of the river, was also one blaze of light, rows of lamps displaying the various lines of its batteries and entrenchments, the whole of the left bank bristled with tar and pitch barrels, around which the dark figures of the men employed to feed the flame were seen hovering at intervals, their figures casting gigantic shadows across the stream. The English Government steamers, and the other vessels in the river, were also hung with lamps. The General Steam Navigation Company's steam ship 'Soho,' which was moored in the centre of the stream, opposite the Royal yacht, being conspicuous for the variety and brilliancy of its illuminations. At intervals during the night blue and red signal lights were burned, lighting up the river, the quays, and slipping with a strange and dazzling glare. Again, sheaves of rockets went roaring into the air, scattering their brilliant stars over the Scheldt, and on the deep and rapid stream below thousands of boats, from the light skiff to the heavy lumbering coal barge freighted with the worthy citizens of Antwerp, and carrying torches of pine in the bow and stern, floated to and fro, chanting their national airs in full, deep chorus, and with these were mingled the oaths, imprecations, confusion, and uproar that followed the frequent collisions of the river craft, the strains of military music from the banks, the hum and Babel of the many thousands who promenaded along the quays, and above all, the solemn peals of the Cathedral bells, and the roar of artillery from the citadel. At nine o'clock the Queen and her suite left the palace and proceeded through the Place de Meer, the Marche aux Souliers, by the Hotel de Ville and the Canal au Beurre to the quays, alongside which the Royal yacht was moored. The progress of the Royal party was extremely slow, in consequence of the crowded state of the streets, but it afforded the Queen and the Prince an opportunity of viewing the illuminations and the other demonstrations of respect which were exhibited along their route. On approaching the Cathedral a signal was given, and instantly the whole of the magnificent tower was illuminated with Bengal lights. The effect was extremely fine, every taper shaft, and pillar, carved ornament, and delicate tracery of this most beautiful specimen of Gothic architecture being distinctly revealed, and standing out like pure white marble on the dark sky. A loud burst of applause followed this magnificent spectacle. A few minutes, and the brilliant pageant was gone, and the Queen was on board the Royal yacht, which remained alongside the quay during the night. A guard of Belgian soldiers was stationed there to prevent the intrusion of the crowd, and up to a late hour the river continued crowded with boats, torches flared wildly over the heads of the revellers, or were struck upon the gunwale in tune to the music, and showered streams of fire into the hissing flood, the lights and figures reflected and multiplied on the surface of the black and boiling current. At seven o'clock on Sunday morning the yacht got under way, a Royal salute was fired from the citadel, the vessels on the river were dressed out with flags, and accompanied by the 'Black Eagle,' 'Lightning,' and 'Porcupine' Government steamers, the 'Victoria and Albert' proceeded rapidly down the Scheldt. The squadron reached Flushing at one o'clock, and then hove to.

===== icdar2017_train_en_19_639 =====
Queen Victoria was the only lady on board the barge close to her sat the King of the French, Prince de Joinville, and Prince Albert Lord Aberdeen, M. Guizot, and Lord Liverpool, completed the party. The other members of the suite went in other boats.

===== icdar2017_train_en_21_562 =====
In the letter to Mr Philip O'Connell, of Cork, which accompanies the donation, Mr O'Connell states that, after the fullest consideration of the verdict of the jurors who sat on the inquest after the Ballinahassig affair, he has arrived at the conclusion that he fears it is impossible to disturb it. In reference to the conduct of the police he says -'Tis really shocking to think that the police should be employed, with deadly weapons in their hands to decide upon the necessity of arresting persons not guilty of felonious or capital offences. It is a bad system that sanctions the use of murderous weapons upon occasions where, even if the imputed crime of the slain were really proved, the utmost punishment could not exceed a small fine or a short imprisonment. A grand Orange soiree was held in the Music Hall of Belfast on the 4th inst., which was attended by about 1,000 persons, including Lord Roden, Colonel Verner, Mr Watson, Mr Cleland, and other ultra-Orangemen of note. The hall was profusely hung with banners, and decorations strongly expressive of the political and religious opinions of the assembly. When tea was over Lord Roden was called to the chair, and the various notables expressed their sentiments in terms of deep sympathy for Mr Watson, and indignation at the conduct of Government. The speech made by the noble chairman at the close of the soiree contained some passages which may be worth reproducing. Speaking of the act which deprived Mr Watson of the commission of the peace, he said, I cannot but think that it was an enormously harsh act of the Government to deprive such a man of the commission of the peace and I cannot but think that they themselves must feel that they have acted a very inconsiderate part in degrading that individual, who, in times of danger, acted with spirit in preserving the peace of the country. In reference to an observation of Colonel Verner, who looked upon him Lord Roden as the leader of the Protestants in Ireland, he said he felt himself totally unworthy of the distinction, but added he would give them all the assistance he could—a heart truly devoted to the Protestant interest of Ireland. It is now many years since first I belonged to the Orange Institution, and it was always my pride and happiness to belong to that loyal body. It was in the vigour of youth, when the body was active and the mind clear, that I joined that body and I can say that, in 1836, the period when that body was dissolved at the wish of the Sovereign, its principles were nothing but loyalty to the Throne and Constitution of Great Britain, yes, loyalty to the Crown of England was the great end and aim of those institutions. I do not know whether it is a crime to reorganize them now or not—I won't say but that will remain for those who know what is best to be done in these trying times to the Protestant interests of the country. Whether it were merely a singular coincidence, or a concerted stratagem on the part of the Orangemen, does not appear, but the fact of their having adopted the Roden livery gave his lordship singular pleasure—I feel happy that you have chosen for your colours orange and blue, to which you are so much attached. I am proud of that, for that happens to be the colour of the very ancient livery, tremendous cheering of my own family. As the livery of the House of Orleans became the national colours of the French nation, so the old coat of the Joscelyns now floats as the standard of the Orangemen in the same manner the apron of the blacksmith Gao was borne as the type of rebellion against the tyrant Zohak. Lord Roden continued—I know not whether it is a crime, but I don't think it culpable he experienced more happiness than on occasion.—The 'Dublin Warder,' a weekly journal, after referring to the Lisburn, Belfast, and other demonstrations, says, Preparations for other country meetings are in progress, and ere the close of this month the voice of Protestant Ireland will have declared to Peel her immutable determination to resist his unjust and ill-timed attempts to stifle the expression of independent opinion in a free land. The not whether that I am worthy to be deprived of the commission of the peace but I do know that no persecution the following announcement—We have reason to believe that the Government is now occupied with the choice of individuals to fill the offices of president and vice-president of the new colleges.

===== icdar2017_train_en_21_561 =====
To compare the two works together would be like comparing the vastest mountain on the earth's surface with the smallest mole-hill. The works of Hobbes will last more centuries than the 'Nonconformist' will days. The writings of Hobbes will live as long as the Anglo-Saxon race and language. They will be read age after age by the studious amongst the millions of our race who will people the two Americas and the islands of the Southern Ocean, and who will wonder at the ignorant and bigoted herd who dared to assail so great a master of thought and language. As one of that herd, Mr Miall, it is your only chance of escaping oblivion. When I commenced this contest I was told by one of Mr Miall's admirers that he was a retired accomplished student, skilled in literature, a lover of learning and wisdom, an acute reasoner, an able writer, and in every way well fitted to instruct the nation through the public press. I did believe all this, and I felt almost ashamed of entering into a contest with such a person. Now, I ask you, electors, has Mr Miall's conduct with regard to Hobbes been in conformity with the character I have just given ? If you, Mr Miall, had any love of learning, any regard for the literature of your country, any reverence for the wisdom of past times, any admiration for beauty of language, vigour of expression, vigour of logic, and boldness of reasoning, though you might, like myself, deem many of Hobbes' opinions erroneous, though you might reject the whole of his doctrines, yet you would have accorded praise, not blame, to me for enabling the student to peruse the works of one of England's most illustrious authors. No, like that Mahometan warrior and bigot, who destroyed the wisdom of ages, you would burn every work, and consume all literature that in the slightest degree was at variance with your limited notions-with your own Koran. You have denounced me as the editor of an infidel work. I have challenged you, and again challenge you, to make good your assertions. I have called upon you to point out one infidel passage, one single sentence derogatory to Christianity in the works of Thomas Hobbes of Malmesbury. Have you, or have you not, read those works ? If you have not read them, what right have you to say that they are infidel productions? If you have read them, then point out one infidel passage in them, one single sentence hostile to Christianity. I defy you to it. You have shrunk from the attempt. You have indirectly acknowledged that no such passages can be found in those works. Would it not have been manly and courageous to have acknowledged your error-to have said that you had never read those works, and that you had been misled with regard to them ? Instead of doing this you have had recourse to subterfuge. First, you have talked about Gibbon. Now tell me, acute logician, able reasoner, what has Gibbon to do with Hobbes, or Hobbes with Gibbon ? Two minds more dissimilar can hardly be found than the philosopher of Malmesbury and the historian of the Roman Empire. Would you, the lover of knowledge, not only destroy the works of our greatest dialectician, but the writings, likewise, of our greatest historian ? Would you consign to the same flames the 'Leviathan' and the 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire?' Secondly, you have insinuated that some of Hobbes' opinions lead to infidelity. Prove it, I say. Now, I ask, is there a single work renowned in science, in literature, or in art, against which a similar charge has not been brought by some narrow-minded bigot ? It is a well-known historical fact that every great discovery in astronomy, in natural history, in chemistry, or in any of the physical sciences-that everything which has made us better acquainted with the heavens, with the earth, and William Molesworth therefore polled 413 votes more than both his opponents united. IRELAND O'Connell has sent a subscription of twenty guineas towards the relief of the friends and survivors of the persons who lost their lives in the unhappy conflict at Ballinhassig.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_97 =====
Why do they call the living skeleton the Napoleon of the Museum ? '' Because he is the bony part of the show.'' AN BMEBQ1SNCY MAN. Office Imp Please, sir, the foreman says we're out of copy. Editor Out of copy J Well, tell him to mix up that tea-tasting article with that Dresden China essay- head it War in Korea, and let her go. HEADED THE WRONG WAY. This getting into debt is a bad scheme. You ought to pay as you go. I'd like to but I'm always going London Digby, Long, and Co. We were able to speak in very high praise of Miss Lyon's former story, For Good or Evil. This, however, is far better and must be classed amongst the best books of the season. The writer has conspicuous talents in her description of the scenery whither she guides us in the portraiture of the characters with which she peoples her story, in the varied pleasantries and troublous periods which go to make up the delightful romance which she unfolds in her pages, we are enchained by the most sympathetic ties, until the fortunes of hero and heroine are spun out to their satisfactory issues. It would be a misfortune to those who might accept our verdict and ask at the library for this fascinating book, were we to reveal the plot, but it will add to the anticipations of local readers if we state that a large portion of the locale is at or near Teignmouth, the little town coming in for a quaintly interesting description. From first to last the book is continuously pleasing and bright tilers is not a dull page. The only disappointment is that a careless printer's reader has overlooked several stupid blunders.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_109 =====
Mould difficulty he experienced in in any particular District, the Pro prietors will, on Application to their Depot, E.C., famish the name and address of the Aoentfor such District, Somebody once asked Oscar Wilde which two books had had the greatest influence npjn the English language. The Bible, and -Bradshaw, was the reply.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_96 =====
C. W. B. Pearce, Foremost Doctor today can prove that question. Biliousness, Pain between and Pain after Food, and in of the Back, Sick headache, Constitution. Aton. irritable Temper. Cold Chill, and y '.-s of Heat along the Backbone, Troubles-all very simple adments-but all sow the germs from Churn re of Life, often end HEART TROUBLES, the only Remedy at present known to cure, MOREL'S SOVRAN TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. CUFF'S STARCH. S TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. 1 TIFF'S 7'' ARCH. STIFF'S STARCH. TIFFS STARCH. STIFF'S STARCH. gTIPP'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. TIFF'S STARCH. S TIFF S STARCH. ' TIFF'S STARCH. is sold in 4 lb. I lb., A lb., au.l i lb. fancy boxes, also in paper packets, containing about 5 lbs. each. Every box or packet bears the Trade Mark, Queen Bess.' This Trade Mark has been registered, and is a guarantee that the contents of the box or packet are genuine. A good deal of Starch is sold loose—that is, merely wrapped in paper or enclosed in paper bags. Starch supplied in this way may be a cheap and very inferior article, possibly of foreign manufacture, and of little use for laundry purposes. Consumers, therefore, when purchasing Stiff's Starch should get it in a box or packet, and note the Trade Mark printed in red ink on the outside.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_102 =====
H ADIES' Ailments, irregularities, obstructions. e. The advertiser have tried every known remedy in vain, has discovered a simple means of self-cure. Particulars will be sent free of charge. Write privately, enclosing stamped envelope to Mrs. St. Clair, 46, Southampton-buildings, London, Free, two stamps. Handy illustrated guide and price list of ladies' requirements. Saves time, trouble, and expense. Invaluable information -Publisher, 35. Coiston-etreet, Bristol. An M.D. writes - Smartly written book. Mention paper. IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

===== icdar2017_train_en_58_94 =====
7,000 ...Dee several days travelling Oxenland can overtake leaner at Naples. Loading Berth, Tilbury among the largest and fastest cuisine, hot and cold baths, electric through ventilation, st. and Second Saloon Fares, £35 to £70. £105. Also Cheap Third Class BALL ROOMS D BOOK TKL in the choicest _ to £50 by WILLIAM EDWARDS, Bedford Works, Cathwiae-ktreet. Bj?et?r. Splendid teitt oni U from the highest county families L taft Novelties in Silk, Satin, Lace, and other Draperies, Elegant mirrors and looking-glasses. Stages, Scenery, Proscenium, Lime Light, c. CORNS! CORNS!! CORNS!! BOSSITER'S CORN DESTROYER. Will remove the most troublesome hard or soft corn in a few days. B post o i receipt of 11 or lb stamps. T. E. ROJSITER, A.P.S., CHEMIST BAMFrON-STREET, TIVERTON. THE ENGLISH ORGANETTE.' SASV Huiicsl Instrument In the World. PR'-f 30 AND 41- b Works, Blackburn, THE GREATEST REMEDY ON EARTH. THE GREAT COUGH AND OLD CURE. ls.lid.and 2s.9d. Sold by all Chemists, or post free for Is. 4d, and 5s.

===== icdar2017_train_en_38_42 =====
be less proud, less ambitious, less greedy of wealth. Will Hawser, when he becomes a Bishop, lay down his flippancy. His vulgarity, or coach J The very names of these men are insulting to a serious dignity. On the other hand, will they practise half so well the noble maxim which commands them to tolerate others as they themselves are tolerated ? Will the various peaceable sects, who are not less worthy than the Methodists because they are less noisy and vulgar, be allowed, as the Methodists are now, to worship God as they please ? Will no efforts be made, when the Godly have obtained a little ungodly interest, to interfere with private opinions under the old Popish system of proselytism ? Will not conversion be introduced, in the true fatherly way, by a gloving correction, or persecution softly in suuated upon us, under the name of a sweet struggle with lost sheep? The Church tolerates every species of belief but the Methodists flatly declare that they regard difference of opinion as a crime and we all know to which punishments criminals are liable. The Papists wanted no better syllogism, when they filled Europe with human sacrifices and the essence of Methodism is but a distillation from Popery. It is Popery deprived of its brilliance, its perfumes, and its volatility. A vial of in its vapour and caustic to its last dregs. No, no we have seen the prejudices and the passions which render the Methodists unchristian and unfit for church dominion. Every body, who knows them intimately, knows that they are not free from a single worldly fault of which they accuse others, and that they want nothing but the chair at which they are aiming, to display all the pride and corruption of the worst establishments, together with all the bigotry, the intolerance, and the hatred of refinement, which characterise a zeal that rejects reason. Such men would never succeed against the Establishment, provided that the Church were at once just to itself and to others. It is with Church as with State: there is never any decided and alarming rebellion against either, without some corruption to favour the result. The Establishment possesses so many worldly advantages, that as long as it uses them without scandal, it is almost impossible to overturn it. But when its members become too worldly minded, these very advantages are turned against them, and superstition assumes an air of patriotic hazard in opposing the influence of the Court and the Crown. At such a time the noisiest and most intolerant sect, which is always the most powerful, will be ready for invasion, and with gravity to entice the people and promises to secure them, may bind us all in chains before we perceive that we have lost our opportunity of freedom. The means of effectual resistance are therefore very evident: self-reform will prevent revolution, and conciliation will unmask those traitors who are aiming at rule instead of reformation. 1. The first care, in attempting to prevent fanaticism, must be not to persecute. This is a maxim essentially necessary to sound policy and sound Christianity. For the one teaches us not to injure our cause by losing our temper and character, and the other commands us to do as we would be done by. Let us leave into France to those, whose faith will not bear the recommendation of a perfect mercy, and who devote us to everlasting torments for saying Mr. e differ with you. 2. The Methodists accuse the Church's Preachers of not hearing sufficiently earnest in the cause of faith, but they are too apt to attribute this laxity to mere worldliness, whereas it arises in great measure from the faith itself, or to speak more properly, from the numerous articles which compose the professed doctrines of the Establishment. The great diffusion of learning and inquiry has dissipated most of those barbarisms which were introduced into the Christian religion by the Popish Casuists and Councils, that succeeded the reign of which were afterwards preserved by two violent men, who spurned at Papacy chiefly because it interfered with their worldly views and ambition.

===== icdar2017_train_en_38_43 =====
Neither of these men were Christians, for they had an utter want of a diary, and while they derided the Pope's infallibility, they vehemently and indeed ferociously insisted upon their own. The Church of England calls itself Lutheran, the Evangelical Preachers say it is or ought to be Calvinistic, but in point of fact, it is neither. Luther at all times held the doctrine of the Trinity indispensably necessary, and Calvin in addition to that doctrine insisted upon the belief of predestination. But if you take one Clergyman of the Established Church with another, nine out of ten, who have examined the subject, not only begin to think the peculiar text which establishes the Trinity a biblical interpolation, but certainly hold predestination as a mystery too Calvinistic to be insisted on. Why not, therefore, cease to insist upon every mystery that is incapable of moral analysis or confirmation, or upon which the truth of the Christian religion does not absolutely rest? The sole end of religion is the love of God and of one's neighbour; this comprehends all virtue, and there is no mystery in it whatever. If those who believed most, knew and practised most, the most credulous men would be the wisest and best, but every body knows the contrary. The love of mystery is the beginning of madness. The present Clergy of the Established Church were born in an age of inquiry, and they have obtained the great end of inquiry, a dislike of dogmatism and a love of plain truth. The consequence is, that the Methodists have taken up the neglected mysteries, and cast them in their teeth. Rubbish is continually falling away from the Church, the inhabitants have not the vigour to remove it, and it is at last converted into a mound of assault against them. All this might be done away by one single act of a Convocation, an act which some of the greatest ornaments of the Church have endeavoured to obtain, and for want of which those who might have been as great, have seceded from the Establishment. This is a dispensation with the subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles. By such a measure, which would still leave the more vigorous believers in their own opinions while it declared those opinions not requisite to salvation, the most learned and liberal of the Dissenters, the Unit,arians and the Universalists, would be added to the Establishment, the consciences of hundreds of Clergymen who originally subscribed without thinking would be rendered happy, and the Methodists would at once be bereft of their pretences to what is called orthodoxy.

===== icdar2017_train_en_11_47 =====
Which gives Ease in the violent TOOTHACHE, in a short Time cures in the Scurvy in the latter Times, and makes the TEETH as white as Ivory. Is to be had at his House, the Sign of the HAND and FACE in King's At His Court, Ludgate Hill, over the London Punch House, neat Fleet Ditch at the Serpent in King's Street, Covent-Garden at Mr. in Canterbury and by the Men that the News. Price One Shilling a Bottle with It is to enumerate the many Cures performed by this inimitable Preparation.

===== icdar2017_train_en_17_20 =====
the dry and withered grass around us. We now lay down to rest ourselves, and the boy soon fell asleep. I was however feverish and restless, and could not close my eyes. In an hour and a half I arose, got up the horses and saddled them, and then, awaking my companion, we again pushed on by moonlight. At ten miles we crossed a well-beaten native pathway, plainly discernible even then, and this we followed down towards the cliffs, fully hoping it would lead to water. Our hopes, however, had been excited, but to render our disappointment the greater, for upon tracing it onwards we found it terminate abruptly at a large circular hole of limestone rock, which would retain a considerable quantity of water after rains, but was now without a single drop. Gloomily turning away we again pushed on for eight miles further, and at three in the morning of the 10th were compelled to halt from downright exhaustion and fatigue. The horses and sheep were knocked up. The poor boy was so tired and sleepy that he could scarcely sit upon his horse, and I found myself actually dozing as I walked mechanically; my legs kept moving forwards, but my eyes were every now and then closed in forgetfulness of all around me, until I was suddenly thrown down by getting entangled amongst the scrub, or aroused by a severe blow across the face from the recoil of a bough after the passage of the boy's horse. I now judged we had come about ninety-three miles from Yeerkum-ban-kauwe, and hoped that we could not be very far from water. Having tied up the horses for an hour or two, and without making a fire, or even unrolling our cloaks to cover us, we stretched ourselves on the ground, and were in a few moments fast asleep.  
March 10.—At five we were again on our route, every moment expecting to see a break in the line of cliffs along which we had now travelled so far. Alas! they still continued stretching as far as the eye could see to the westward, and as fast as we arrived at one point which had bounded our vision and beyond which we hoped a change might occur, it was but to be met with the view of another beyond. Distressing and fatal as the continuance of these cliffs might prove to us, there was a grandeur and sublimity in their appearance that was most imposing, and which struck me with admiration. Stretching out before us in lofty unbroken outline, they presented the singular and romantic appearance of massy battlements of masonry, supported by huge buttresses, and glittering in the morning sun which had now risen upon them, and made the scene beautiful even amidst the dangers and anxieties of our situation. In a direct line of upwards of 800 miles thus gone over by Mr Eyre, there does not seem to have been a watercourse, or a hollow of any kind, crossed, and not a drop of fresh water accessible on the surface. It could only be obtained by digging close to the sea-shore, or the sand-hills of the coast, and even by that means was often not procurable for distances of 160 miles together. The dreary waste is described by Mr Eyre as an almost uniform table-land of fossil formation, with an elevation of from three to five hundred feet, covered for the most part by dense impenetrable scrubs, and only varied on its surface by occasional sandy or rocky undulations. The dangers and sufferings of travel in such a region may be conceived as well as its generally uninteresting character. But every now and then a startling little trait occurs which gives the living touch of reality to the scene and again carries the reader forward, watchful and anxious for the traveller. In the following, for instance... I occupied myself in writing and charting during the day, and at night amused myself in taking stellar observations for latitude. I had already taken the altitude of Vega, and deduced the latitude to be 32 deg. 3 min. 23 sec. S. Leaving my artificial horizon on the ground outside, whilst I remained in the tent waiting until Altair came to the meridian, I then took my sextant and went out to observe this star also. But upon putting down my hand to take hold of the horizon-glass in order to wipe the dew off, my fingers went into the quicksilver—the horizon-glass was gone, and also the piece of canvas I had put on the ground to lie down upon whilst observing so low an altitude as that of Vega.

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_411 =====
A. Second Master in the above School, respectfully informs his Friends and the Public that, after the Christmas Vacation, he will be able to accommodate a limited number of Young Gentlemen as Parlour Boarders, who would be under his immediate care, and who, in addition to the course of Education established in the School, may have the advantage of learning the French and Italian Languages. His Pupils are treated as part of his own Family, and the greatest attention is paid to their health and morals, and every facility given to promote their improvement. Terms may be known on application to the Rev. T. A Dale, to Messrs. Jacksons, Booksellers, Louth, or to Mr. T. Topping, Printer, Hull. Westgate, Louth, Dec 28, 1827.

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_411-b =====
UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE HULL CHORAL SOCIETY. MISS BRADBURY HAS THE HONOUR MOST RESPECTFULLY TO INFORM HER FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC, THAT HER BENEFIT CONCERT IS FIXED FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2ND, 1828, IN THE CHORAL SOCIETY'S ROOM, MYTONGATE, WHEN SHE HUMBLY SOLICITS THEIR KIND SUPPORT. ON THIS OCCASION, MISS B WILL HAVE THE ASSISTANCE OF MR. TIRPIN ELIIS, FROM THE YORK AND LEEDS CONCERTS, AND ALSO OF A YOUNG LADY, PUPIL TO J. WATSON, ESQ. OF COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE. LEADER OF THE 3S. EACH, TO BE HAD OF MISS BRADBURY, NO. 8, CHARTEr-HOUSE-LANE, AND OF T. TOPPING, LOWGATE. THE PERFORMANCE TO COMMENCE AT SEVEN O'CLOCK. COURSE OF SIX LECTURES ON ELOCUTION, UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE LITERARY AND PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. MR. CALVERT WILL ANNOUNCE, UNDER THE ABOVE SANCTION, A COURSE OF SIX LECTURES ON ELOCUTION, THESE LECTURES, TO BE DELIVERED IN THE EXCHANGE ROOM, WILL COMMENCE ON THE EVENING OF SATURDAY, JANUARY 12TH, AND PROCEED WEDNESDAYS AND SATURDAYS IN THE FOLLOWING ORDER: LECTURE THE FIRST—ON THE NATURE OF THE ART. SECOND—ON ITS IMPORTANCE. THIRD—ON THE ORATORY OF THE ANCIENTS.

===== icdar2017_train_en_44_408 =====
2nd Class - 2s. 6d. per Cent. 3rd Class - 4s. 6d. per Cent, being, upon the greater portion of Country Insurances, an abatement of 25 per Cent, per Annum. Renewal Receipts for Policies falling due at Christmas are now in the hands of the several Agents, The Hope Fire Insurance Company, the Eagle Fire Insurance Company, the Surrey and Sussex, the Beacon, the British Commercial, and Jegis Insurance Companies having all declined business, Policies of those Offices amounting to £300 and upwards, will be accepted by this Company, without any charge of Stamps. The Agents for this Company, for the County of York, are Mr. JOHN HILL, 18, Parliament-street, Hull. Bourne. Agents are wanted in the other Market Towns of this County. Academy, Bourne Street, French's Oardens. WILLIAM HOBSON MOST respectfully begs leave to inform his Friends and the Public in general, that he has taken and entered upon the Academy, situate in Miltor's Square, Bourne-Street, which has been occupied for the last twenty years by Mr. Revell, where he intends teaching Reading Grammatically, an expeditious System of Writing a Masterly current Hand together with Arithmetic, Book-keeping, Mensuration, Drawing, Stenography, See. in all their various branches. He also embraces this opportunity of assuring those Friends who may place their Children under his care, that the same line of conduct, and a similar method of Tuition to that which secured to his late friend, Mr. Wm. Annison, whose School, during the whole of Mr. A.'s last illness, he so satisfactorily conducted, such a distinguished share of public favour, will be unceasingly employed for the improvement and durable advantage of his Pupils. Bourne-street, January 1, 1828. If The Academy will open for the reception of Day and Evening Scholars on the 7th day of January instant. Terms, etc. may be known on application at the Academy, or at No. 2, Sumer's Town, Holderness Road. No Entrance charges required.

===== icdar2017_train_en_49_58 =====
Wbat Lord Nugbnt says on this point Will be said by others If, say his lordship, the occupier of land claim a right, protection for the value of his produce-if the landlord claims as a right protection for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of his produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its fluctuation . He is day by day a dependent on market , which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the former, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon the fluctuations of what seasons may affect, but law has rendered ruinously precarious. If then he who rents land, or he who holds it, claim protective laws for his produce, but at the same time claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected, and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under the name and sanction of law, the power of committing open and unmitigated robbery-a power to demand a protected and arbitrary price, subject only to his own wants for that labour by which those provisions are produced. ' The advocates of protection leave out the labourer, but they are p. ft. a frightful weapon into his hands. The Scripture says, accursed is he who deals with two measures. Lord Nugent says that even at the present price of provisions, for a single man in his neighbourhood can maintain himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3d. weekly and no married man, with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14s. 6d. a week, exclusive of harvest wages. The argument for protection embraces all these people and the conclusion will be drawn from the premises. They who take upon them the management of others, incur a fearful responsibility. Free trade is one thing, and protection is another but when protection extends to all, it is very different from protection to a privileged class. We warn the landowners, that the advocates of protection are raising questions pregnant with fearful we have always protested against the injustice to the people of England of the system by which the price of colonial produce is so much enhanced, we have, at the same time, contended that Government ought, in fairness to the owner of estates in our colonies, to give them every facility for obtaining the labour by which alone they can compete advantageously with the owners of slaves. We hear great complaints of Lord Stanley by those who are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies. The planters say that he has not done his duty to them-that he has not applied himself as he ought to the giving effect to the recommendations of Parliamentary committees, by taking the necessary steps for facilitating the immigration into our colonies of labourers from Africa. The select committee on West India colonies submitted to the House of Commons on the 25th of July, certain resolutions containing suggestions, the result of evidence taken before it these resolutions show that the act of emancipating the slaves has been productive of the greatest advantage to the negro population that their character and condition have been greatly improved that many of the former slaves have been enabled to purchase land, and to acquire wealth without labouring more than three or four days a week, and from five to seven hours in a day. The committee report that simultaneously with this amendment in the condition of the negroes there occurred a very great diminution in the staple productions of the West Indies to such an extent as to have caused serious, and, in some cases, ruinous injury to the proprietors of estates. The distress in Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad has been so great, as to have caused many estates, hitherto prosperous and productive, to lie cultivated for the last two or three years at a considerable loss, and others to be abandoned-that the causes of this diminished production and consequent loss, are the great difficulty which has been experienced by the planters in obtaining steady and continuous labour, and the high rate of remuneration which they give for such broken and indifferent as work they are able to procure. The remedies proposed by the committee to check the increasing depreciation of West India property are set forth in the 11th, 12th, and 13th, resolutions which accompany its report.

===== icdar2017_train_en_10_40 =====
of a Letter from dated in the of November, 1743. • We have had the good iY.- . s of Moful's being safe, and more of gicv.ei Consequence for the Letters have taken Genge, in GcO gia, with the Province of and Capital ai d Der-bent, m • he Name of the josi.-g'.Shah, that took Refuge in Fitkev and they are to Tauris, which is girt with the Sword of the State, and the Tutka fend a great deal of Money to is fald, this made 1 lamas Xouli Kan the Siege of Kloful, to prevent the Cotisation at and-his March was for precipitate, that he Bung his heavy Cannon into the Tigris. of a Letter from Brussels, January 9, N. S. The French Court is dividing such great Numbers of Troops towards our Frontier.', that there is not room enough for them in the Towns for that great Part of them are obliged to Canton. Advice is come that a Detachment of French Hussars have committed at Chirm on our Frontiers. The Government is drawing up a Account of this Affair, in order to send it to Vienna, and from other Courts. P. S. A Report is spread, that a Body of French Troops have surrounded and taken Prisoners 300 Hussars, who were going to St. Hubert, in the Duchy of Luxembourg.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_424 =====
, which it has been valued at for 1841 it is the annual receipt of the years 1838, 1837, and 1833, which have been generally favourable to the trade of wood. Notwith standing the loss occasioned in 1839 by the bad working of the forges, the administration estimates that by means of the amelioration of the routes forestiers, and by the assistance of the conservators of the forests, it will obtain the receipt intended. Respecting the main produce of the forests, and the right of fishing, the valuation is carried to 2,807,500. It exceeds by 204,000 that of last year, and is based on the increase realised in 1838 and 1839, for 319,000, and compensated up to 115,000 by some reductions.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_432 =====
on account of the increased price of materials and provisions, and about 4,000,000£ for improving the supply of the walls of the Indus in Africa. The Minister of War keeps up, for 1842, the annual amount of 1,050,000£ the credit intended as a provisional amount for military pensions, and which is the offset of a special law. This law reproduces in the same terms as the previous the article relating to the special and extraordinary work to be executed in Algoria, but it proposes some modifications in the heads of the services in the war department, for which supplementary credits may be opened by royal ordinances. It additionally includes the purchase of two, which has hitherto been included in prepared rations, but which it is better to specify separately than the pay of reform, which is to appear in the votes as well as the pay of non-activity, which is included therein. Salaries of the men employed in the manufacture of powder and salt-petre, an expense which increases in proportion to the amount of demand. The naval and colonial department requires 127,390,400£, but this includes a sum of 14,000,000 which is not to be desired. We fear no mistake in admitting an equal revenue for 1842. In short, the expense of provision, by exploding foreign corruption, but favours other consumption productive for the Treasury. The law of the 31st of July last, on the sugars, insures us besides a more than 87 admitting only the valuation of the duties to collect on the exotic sugars, such as has been adopted for the budget of 1841. The indirect contributions have been valued according to the realizations of the year 1840. First, respecting colonial sugar, we thought to be enabled, by the progressive development of the manufacture, to add three millions of kilograms to the quantities produced by the last crop. We, therefore, calculate that the new duty of 255 reckoned upon a quantity of 27,000,000 kilograms, the which, united to 81,000,000 supplied by exotic sugars, will bring to 107,000,000, the mean consumption of the last five years. Hence arises for the indirect contributions, not including the tobacco, a total receipt of 139,350,000£. It would offer 36,000,000£ to 40,000,000£ more, if at the end of the year 1830 the tariff's on beverage had not been reduced one-third. The civil revenue no longer sufficing for the ordinary of the state, it is necessary as well as regular to exhaust the budget from the expenses which are not again to be spared. It is but by acting in this manner that we, to propose that equilibria which you ask us to re-ash ish, mid which it is our duty to effect, unless prevented by utilitarian necessities, gentlemen, the plan we submit to par disce-omeut is very simple, and the following 3 a summary of its results. You will efface the Sinking Fund, if circumstances favour of 1840, 1841, and 1842, In the of a few years at the end of which F a will find this powerful resource increased by compound and interest. You will secure the termination of the great works of public utility by a safe and means not exposed to fire. Independently of these, increase the revenue of the state so as to equal its needs, without creating new taxes or augmenting tariff prices. We will explain this when we speak of receipts. I have now to refer to the needs itiea of the year 1842 in an appreciation of public expenses, we have endeavoured to exclude from the law of the cause no ordinary expenses, and to render any supplementary credits necessary by estimates. All the expenses regarded to keep our civil and military organization held. More you we have Included therein of the sinking food bonds, the allowances for F's-rsiou fund, and other expense not contained in for-budgets. The budget of 1842 will therefore be as a faithful the ordinary needs of the state. We have omitted the expenses of Public ordinary public works. Hjt l does not enter into p thoughts that this b-imr place,J in P special budget ' ruts them being included Uo in the general one.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_428-b =====
ELECTION. Birmingham, Wednesday Night. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE Gentlemen-When I had the honour of first addressing you, offering myself a candidate to represent this borough in the Commons' House of Parliament, I calculated with confidence on the undivided and zealous support of every class of the Liberal party. I have now completed a personal canvas of the electors, and I regret to say that, in many instances where I had every reason to expect prompt and cordial support, I have met with either lukewarm neutrality or decided opposition. In addition to these discouraging circumstances, I have had to encounter the avowed hostility of the agents from the Anti-Corn-law League deputed to oppose me, and whose opposition has destroyed my chance of being returned as your representative, by dividing the Liberal interest. Nothing but a firm conviction of the hopelessness of success founded upon these obstacles, would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of representing your borough, but I am now persuaded that any continuance of this struggle in the present state of parties would only injure the cause to which I am pledged. In retiring from the present contest, I beg to return my most sincere and heartfelt thanks to those honest and consistent Liberals who have rendered me their able assistance and support.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most faithful, obedient, and humble servant, Walsall, Tuesday Evening. To prevent any possible misunderstanding on the subject, Mr. Gladstone's friends think it right to publish a letter which he received from three gentlemen, calling themselves a deputation from the Anti-Corn-law League, together with his reply thereto. George Hotel, Dec. 28, 1840. Sir-We have been deputed by the 'National Anti-Corn-law League' to ascertain the opinions of the no Conservative candidate has the slightest chance of success.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_437 =====
Also, the party proponent doth say and allege that the said Joseph Hill, in the years libelled, was a parishioner and inhabitant within the parish of K-libelled, and did there hear divine service, and receive the sacrament, together with his wife, yearly, or at least ought so to have done, for which there is due and payable to the vicar libelled at Easter, yearly, or near there abouts, four pence a piece for every communicant, for and in lieu of their general oblations. The vicar, flushed with the success of his first suit, in the January following issued the citation in question for the quarter's tithe then due but the demand being under 10., the suit was dismissed, as I have before mentioned. The following is Dr. Addams's opinion - I think that the defendant must appear absolutely. If the libel does not set forth that the yearly value of tithe subtracted exceeds 10., the defendant must object to its admission, and then the court, unless, indeed, it directs the libel to be reformed in that respect, should dismiss the defendant with costs and so, if when the plaintiff having leave to reform the libel, he can't or does not plead the annual value of the tithe subtracted to be above 10. If it pleaded that the annual value of the tithe subtracted is above 10., but that fact is not proved in or disproved by the evidence at the hearing of the cause, the result, I apprehend, should at all events be, that the defendant is entitled to his costs, though the plaintiff may prove some tithe subtracted and recover accordingly. Signed J. Addams. Doctor's Commons, Feb. 4, 1840. However the result was, that Mr. Hill could not get costs and the idea of the defendant submitting to a suit, until the evidence is taken and the cause heard, is so monstrous, that it is better to yield to an illegal demand, than run the risk of incurring 40. costs. I am, sir, your obedient.

===== icdar2017_train_en_52_437-b =====
MEETING ON BEHALF OF WIDOW YOUNG. At a meeting held at Monmouth on the 28th of December, for taking into consideration the best means to be adopted for the liberation of the widow, Sarah Young, now a prisoner in the county gaol of Monmouth, where she has been detained seven months for alleged contempt of the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, whither she was illegally cited at the suit of the Rev. Dr. Lyle, of that place, for 35 10s. said to be due for tithe, the following resolutions were adopted -That the citation of a poor widow for a small amount of tithe to an ecclesiastical court, contrary to the act made to prevent such proceedings, is both unchristian and unconstitutional. That the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for the laws of the majority than the Liberal party had previously mustered. As for the Jedburgh and Elgin burghs, we have heard nothing to shake our belief that the Reform party is secure in both. Apropos of the blunders of the Times .-It states in its number of the '24th November, that in the Scotch burghs Toryism had recently made the most splendid progress. As evidence of this it referred to the municipal elections in Musselburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton, Dunbar, Edinburgh and Glasgow. To persons acquainted with Scotland, the selection of examples is very significant. Musselburgh has had a majority of Tory councils for five or six years through the influence of a single proprietor; it is not worse than it was, for the last elections gave three Whigs to four Tories and the weight of the burgh may be judged of from the fact, that it contains less than one seventh of the electors, in a district where the Liberals have a majority of nearly two to one ! Stirling has been most unluckily appealed to. Of twenty-one members of council in that burgh, the Tories have not been able to return more, we believe, than one, or at most two! This, mind you, is what the Times celebrates as a triumph. Of Dumbarton and Dunbar we have no local knowledge, but we may safely concede that the success of the Tories there is of the same description as at Stirling. In fact, Conservatism has been losing ground in most of our small burghs.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_122 =====
- -See that the Name is on the bottle, and beware of cheap imitations. TorPjD PURELY VEGETABLE. SUGAR COATED mMmM All Chemists Is. l£d. Small Pill Small Dose Small Price. o NE BOX OP OLABKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted free from all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either type, acquired or constitutional, or in the Back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Bold in boxes, 4d 6d each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine vendors throughout the World or to any address, for the Maker , the Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co. Ltd., Lincoln. HAIR DESTROYER. JAMES'S DEPILATORY Instantly Remove Superfluous Hairs from the Face, Neck, Arms, without Injury to the Skin. Of all Chemists Is. or sent, with directions for use, fit from observation, post free, for flfbeeu stamps.-Mrs. London, N A. CLEAR COMPLEXION. PIMPLES or black Speck , Sanborn, Freckles, and unkindly blotches on the Face, Neck, Arms, and Hand , can be instantly removed by using Mr . .TAMKS'S HERBAL OINTMENT, made from herb only, and warranted harmless. It impart a very clearness to the skin that astonished every one. Of all Chemist , 1 l d. A box with directions sent free from chfcreation, post free, on receipt of flfbeeu stamps to Mr . James. 268. Caledonian.raad, London, N.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124 =====
! Sold by all Chemists at la ld and 2s 9d per was on Monday decide I lo wind jp ttio Bournemouth, Swansea, mid Poole Steam-packet Company. The balance sheet shewed a loss of £834 Is 5d on the year's working. It was stated that the directors contemplate a scheme for reconstructing the FURNITURE Shocking Crane Fatality. While a number of men were engaged Monday at the New Central Railway, Mary Hill, Glasgow, the gearing of a crane gave way and it fell among them. John Smith and James McGregor were terribly injured, Smith dying soon afterwards. A third man was less seriously hurt.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-b =====
Shocking Hunting Fatality. While following the Cobold Hounds at Sandhurst near Gloucester, on Tuesday, Mr. Hunt landlord of the Fleece Hotel, Cheltenham, met with a fatal accident. His horse jumped short at a fence and threw Mr. Hart, who held on to the reins. He was kicked in the throat and died within a few minutes of the occurrence.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-c =====
The Hopegood Case. At the Sussex Assizes on Monday, George Hopegood pleaded guilty to causing a false entry to be made in a register of marriages at Brighton, but not guilty to other counts charging him with forgery and theft. The prosecution accordingly intimated that they would offer no evidence on these counts. Mr. Gill addressed the Court in mitigation of punishment, and his Lordship passed sentence of nine months' hard labour.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-d =====
Sudden Death of a Preacher. At, Pensham, in the county of Dorset, on Sunday afternoon, John Smith, a preacher, while in the middle of delivering a special missionary sermon, was seen to suddenly reel backwards. He expired before assistance could be rendered to him. The congregation, which was a large one, was greatly affected by the tragic conclusion of the service. Exactly forty years ago another preacher, also named John Smith, died as suddenly in the same pulpit. Magistrate Committed onr cr SOLE PROPRIETORS-STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD. Hawkins was charged on remand with having appropriated with intent to defraud the National Dwellings Company of which he was managing director, cheques for the aggregate sum of over £4,000. Defendant desired a further post-p of the case, but to this course strong objection was taken by the prosecution, and ultimately after some additional evidence Hawkins was committed for trial. Strange Case of Mistaken Identity.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_124-e =====
Strange Case of Mistaken Identity. An extraordinary case of mistaken identity has just been reported to the Glasgow police. On October 29th the body of a young man was found floating in the Clyde and was identified as that of Alexander Smith, 24 years of age, blacksmith residing in Linton. The father, two sisters, and an aunt making identification. The remains were buried by the relations at a cost of £3. On Friday night last, the Smith family were awakened from their slumbers by someone knocking at the door. The father shrugged out Who's there ? and was almost paralysed with astonishment on hearing It's me, Alec, in his son's well-known voice. It turned out that young Smith after he left home had tramped to England in search of work and had been employed in Blackburn for two or three weeks when he returned home again.

===== icdar2017_train_en_9_120 =====
If this is not proof of my innocence where for God's sake is there proof of Hope to see you tomorrow f.Monday With fondest love for all the loved ones at home, your always, ,T C Read.'' Mrs. Clothier, of 1, Gresham Village, South Church Road, Southend, where Read alleged in his last letter that he slept on the night previous to the murder, left Southend about six weeks ago. and the house is now unoccupied. but from enquiries made of Armada-villas, South Church Road. it transpires that her husband, Mr. Sicely, was interviewed by Detective-Inspector Baker and Superintendent Hawtree some weeks ago, in consequence of a statement in Read's petition to the Home Secretary. Mr. Sicely upon being shown a photo of Read at one recognised it as to the man who breakfasted with him at Mrs. Clothier's on the Sunday morning before the tragedy at No 1. Gresham Villas, where Mr. Sicely was at the time lodging.

===== icdar2017_train_en_16_14 =====
The soldiers had in restoring gone abroad that the other trades were about to come to the assistance of the journeymen shoemakers, the soldiers had been ordered to remain in their quarters, to be in readiness in case of need. A He accounts from Leipsig of the 1st inst. we learn that the town enjoyed tranquillity in appearance, but there was considerable agitation in the public mind. Some apprehensions existed that disturbances might break out on the 4th of September, the anniversary of the festival of the constitution. The commission of inquiry was pursuing its researches, but it is not yet known who gave orders to the troops to fire on the people. The report of the Commission is looked for with some impatience. The circular of the Minister of the Interior, on popular assemblies, has excited much discontent. It was at Stolzenfels that the King of Prussia agreed with the German Princes, on the representations of Prince Metternich, that energetic measures ought to be taken against innovators and political assemblies, as tolerating them longer might be attended with dangerous consequences. The anniversary fete of the constitution was celebrated on the 4th inst. with great rejoicing.

